stable/elastabot/README.md, before:

# Elastabot Helm Chart

[Elastabot](https://github.com/jertel/elastabot): A Slack bot companion to Elasticsearch and [ElastAlert](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/elastalert). Current support includes searching for data, checking the cluster health, acknowledging (and silencing) alerts, and also triggering triage events, which are currently initiated via an smtp email. The emails by default will contain the alert details, but arbitrary triage requests can also be created. The triage email is best used with a ticketing system that is monitoring for such emails, such as Jira.

## Usage

More detailed information can be found at the [Elastabot](https://github.com/jertel/elastabot) project (GitHub) website. However, to get started without reading the details, Send the message `!help` to the bot, after deploying this chart.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/elastabot
```

The command deploys Elastabot on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation. The [secrets](#secrets) section lists the required Kubernetes secrets.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| setting                        | description                                                                                                              | default
|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------
| image.repository               | Docker image repository                                                                                                  | `jertel/elastabot`
| image.tag                      | Tag, typically the version, of the Docker image                                                                          | `1.1.0`
| image.pullPolicy               | Kubernetes image pull policy                                                                                             | `IfNotPresent`
| commandPrefix                  | Special character or phrase to trigger the bot, typically an exclamation point, !. Ex: !ack                              | `!`
| elasticsearch.host             | Hostname for the Elasticsearch server                                                                                    |
| elasticsearch.port             | Port for the Elasticsearch server                                                                                        | `9200`
| elasticsearch.sslEnabled       | If true, uses SSL/TLS to connect to Elasticsearch                                                                        | `false`
| elasticsearch.sslStrictEnabled | If true, the SSL/TLS certificates will be validated against known certificate authorities                                | `false`
| elasticsearch.timeoutSeconds   | Number of seconds to wait for an Elasticsearch response                                                                  | `10`
| elasticsearch.urlPrefix        | URL prefix for Elasticsearch, typically an empty string                                                                  |
| elastalert.index               | The index prefix used by Elastalert within Elasticsearch, typically elastalert                                           | `elastalert`
| elastalert.silenceMinutes      | Number of minutes to silence an acknowledge alert if a silence duration is not explicitly given with the ack command.    | `240`
| elastalert.recentMinutes       | Number of minutes to look back through Elasticsearch indices for a matching triggered alert                              | `4320`
| smtp.host                      | Hostname for the SMTP server                                                                                             |
| smtp.port                      | Port for the SMTP server                                                                                                 | `25`
| smtp.secure                    | If true, will connect to the SMTP host over SSL/TLS                                                                      | `false`
| smtp.starttls                  | If true, will send the starttls command (typically not used with smtp.secure=true)                                       | `false`
| smtp.timeoutSeconds            | Number of seconds to wait for the SMTP server to respond                                                                 | `10`
| smtp.to                        | Email address that will receive the triage email                                                                         |
| smtp.from                      | Sender email address                                                                                                     |
| smtp.subjectPrefix             | If non-empty string, will be prepended to each email subject. Ex: `[prod] `, `[test] `, etc                              | 
| smtp.debug                     | If true, the SMTP connectivity details will be logged to stdout                                                          | `false`
| triageTarget                   | How to initiate the triage process, currently only smtp is supported.                                                    | `smtp`
| searchEnabled                  | Allow all Slack users to search the Elasticsearch cluster for any data. Disable in public communities with sensitive data| `true`

## Secrets

| variable               | required | description
|------------------------|----------|------------
| slackBotToken          | true     | The Slack-generated bot token, provided by slack.com
| elasticsearchUsername  | true     | Elasticsearch username, provided by your ES admin
| elasticsearchPassword  | true     | Elasticsearch password, provided by your ES admin
| smtpUsername           | false    | Optional SMTP username, provided by your SMTP admin (used with SMTP triage target)
| smtpPassword           | false    | Optional SMTP password, provided by your SMTP admin (used with SMTP triage target)

Below is a sample secrets.yaml file that can be used as a template. Remember that all secrets must be base64-encoded.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: elastabot-secrets
type: Opaque
data:
  slackBotToken: ""
  elasticsearchUsername: ""
  elasticsearchPassword: ""
  smtpUsername: ""
  smtpPassword: ""
```

Once you have provided the base64-encoded secret values, apply the file to your Kubernetes cluster as follows:

```console
kubectl apply -f secrets.yaml
```

Commit message:

[stable/elastabot] Chart deprecation (#22676)
Signed-off-by: Jason Ertel <jertel@codesim.com>

stable/elastabot/README.md, after:

# Elastabot Helm Chart

## NOTICE: This chart has moved!

Due to the [deprecation and obsoletion plan](https://github.com/helm/charts#status-of-the-project) of the Helm charts repository this chart has been moved to a new repository. Refer to the [Elastabot GitHub project](https://github.com/jertel/elastabot) for information on installing this chart from the new repository.

## Overview 
[Elastabot](https://github.com/jertel/elastabot): A Slack bot companion to Elasticsearch and [ElastAlert](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/elastalert). Current support includes searching for data, checking the cluster health, acknowledging (and silencing) alerts, and also triggering triage events, which are currently initiated via an smtp email. The emails by default will contain the alert details, but arbitrary triage requests can also be created. The triage email is best used with a ticketing system that is monitoring for such emails, such as Jira.

## Usage

More detailed information can be found at the [Elastabot](https://github.com/jertel/elastabot) project (GitHub) website. However, to get started without reading the details, Send the message `!help` to the bot, after deploying this chart.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install --name my-release stable/elastabot
```

The command deploys Elastabot on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation. The [secrets](#secrets) section lists the required Kubernetes secrets.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| setting                        | description                                                                                                              | default
|--------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------
| image.repository               | Docker image repository                                                                                                  | `jertel/elastabot`
| image.tag                      | Tag, typically the version, of the Docker image                                                                          | `1.1.0`
| image.pullPolicy               | Kubernetes image pull policy                                                                                             | `IfNotPresent`
| commandPrefix                  | Special character or phrase to trigger the bot, typically an exclamation point, !. Ex: !ack                              | `!`
| elasticsearch.host             | Hostname for the Elasticsearch server                                                                                    |
| elasticsearch.port             | Port for the Elasticsearch server                                                                                        | `9200`
| elasticsearch.sslEnabled       | If true, uses SSL/TLS to connect to Elasticsearch                                                                        | `false`
| elasticsearch.sslStrictEnabled | If true, the SSL/TLS certificates will be validated against known certificate authorities                                | `false`
| elasticsearch.timeoutSeconds   | Number of seconds to wait for an Elasticsearch response                                                                  | `10`
| elasticsearch.urlPrefix        | URL prefix for Elasticsearch, typically an empty string                                                                  |
| elastalert.index               | The index prefix used by Elastalert within Elasticsearch, typically elastalert                                           | `elastalert`
| elastalert.silenceMinutes      | Number of minutes to silence an acknowledge alert if a silence duration is not explicitly given with the ack command.    | `240`
| elastalert.recentMinutes       | Number of minutes to look back through Elasticsearch indices for a matching triggered alert                              | `4320`
| smtp.host                      | Hostname for the SMTP server                                                                                             |
| smtp.port                      | Port for the SMTP server                                                                                                 | `25`
| smtp.secure                    | If true, will connect to the SMTP host over SSL/TLS                                                                      | `false`
| smtp.starttls                  | If true, will send the starttls command (typically not used with smtp.secure=true)                                       | `false`
| smtp.timeoutSeconds            | Number of seconds to wait for the SMTP server to respond                                                                 | `10`
| smtp.to                        | Email address that will receive the triage email                                                                         |
| smtp.from                      | Sender email address                                                                                                     |
| smtp.subjectPrefix             | If non-empty string, will be prepended to each email subject. Ex: `[prod] `, `[test] `, etc                              | 
| smtp.debug                     | If true, the SMTP connectivity details will be logged to stdout                                                          | `false`
| triageTarget                   | How to initiate the triage process, currently only smtp is supported.                                                    | `smtp`
| searchEnabled                  | Allow all Slack users to search the Elasticsearch cluster for any data. Disable in public communities with sensitive data| `true`

## Secrets

| variable               | required | description
|------------------------|----------|------------
| slackBotToken          | true     | The Slack-generated bot token, provided by slack.com
| elasticsearchUsername  | true     | Elasticsearch username, provided by your ES admin
| elasticsearchPassword  | true     | Elasticsearch password, provided by your ES admin
| smtpUsername           | false    | Optional SMTP username, provided by your SMTP admin (used with SMTP triage target)
| smtpPassword           | false    | Optional SMTP password, provided by your SMTP admin (used with SMTP triage target)

Below is a sample secrets.yaml file that can be used as a template. Remember that all secrets must be base64-encoded.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: elastabot-secrets
type: Opaque
data:
  slackBotToken: ""
  elasticsearchUsername: ""
  elasticsearchPassword: ""
  smtpUsername: ""
  smtpPassword: ""
```

Once you have provided the base64-encoded secret values, apply the file to your Kubernetes cluster as follows:

```console
kubectl apply -f secrets.yaml
```
