stable/elastalert/README.md, before:

# Elastalert Helm Chart

[elastalert](https://github.com/Yelp/elastalert) is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

For ES 5.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert
```

For ES 6 and newer:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert --set writebackIndex=elastalert

# Open Dev Tools on Kibana and send the below.
# Otherwise elastalert ends up with errors like "RequestError: TransportError(400, u'search_phase_execution_exception', u'No mapping found for [alert_time] in order to sort on')"
PUT /elastalert/_mapping/elastalert
{
  "properties": {
      "alert_time": {"type": "date"}
  }
}
```

See the comment in the default `values.yaml` to know why `writebackIndex` is required for ES 6.x.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elastalert
```

The command deploys elastalert on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| Parameter                                 | Description                                                                                                                   | Default                         |
| ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                        | docker image                                                                                                                  | jertel/elastalert-docker        |
| `image.tag`                               | docker image tag                                                                                                              | 0.2.4                           |
| `image.pullPolicy`                        | image pull policy                                                                                                             | IfNotPresent                    |
| `podAnnotations`                          | Annotations to be added to pods                                                                                               | {}                              |
| `command`                                 | command override for container                                                                                                | `NULL`                          |
| `args`                                    | args override for container                                                                                                   | `NULL`                          |
| `replicaCount`                            | number of replicas to run                                                                                                     | 1                               |
| `elasticsearch.host`                      | elasticsearch endpoint to use                                                                                                 | elasticsearch                   |
| `elasticsearch.port`                      | elasticsearch port to use                                                                                                     | 80                              |
| `elasticsearch.useSsl`                    | whether or not to connect to es_host using SSL                                                                                | False                           |
| `elasticsearch.username`                  | Username for ES with basic auth                                                                                               | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.password`                  | Password for ES with basic auth                                                                                               | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecret`            | Specifies an existing secret to be used for the ES username/password auth                                                     | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecretUsernameKey` | The key in elasticsearch.credentialsSecret that stores the ES password auth                                                      | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecretPasswordKey` | The key in elasticsearch.credentialsSecret that stores the ES username auth                                                      | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.verifyCerts`               | whether or not to verify TLS certificates                                                                                     | True                            |
| `elasticsearch.clientCert`                | path to a PEM certificate to use as the client certificate                                                                    | /certs/client.pem               |
| `elasticsearch.clientKey`                 | path to a private key file to use as the client key                                                                           | /certs/client-key.pem           |
| `elasticsearch.caCerts`                   | path to a CA cert bundle to use to verify SSL connections                                                                     | /certs/ca.pem                   |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumes`              | certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled                                          | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumeMounts`         | mount certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled                                    | `NULL`                          |
| `extraConfigOptions`                      | Additional options to propagate to all rules, cannot be `alert`, `type`, `name` or `index`                                    | `{}`                            |
| `optEnv`                                  | Additional pod environment variable definitions                                                                               | []                              |
| `extraVolumes`                            | Additional volume definitions                                                                                                 | []                              |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                       | Additional volumeMount definitions                                                                                            | []                              |
| `serviceAccount.create`                   | Specifies whether a service account should be created.                                                                        | `true`                          |
| `serviceAccount.name`                     | Service account to be used. If not set and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                 |
| `serviceAccount.annotations`              | ServiceAccount annotations                                                                                                    |                                 |
| `podSecurityPolicy.create`                | Create pod security policy resources                                                                                          | `false`                         |
| `resources`                               | Container resource requests and limits                                                                                        | {}                              |
| `rules`                                   | Rule and alert configuration for Elastalert                                                                                   | {} example shown in values.yaml |
| `runIntervalMins`                         | Default interval between alert checks, in minutes                                                                             | 1                               |
| `realertIntervalMins`                     | Time between alarms for same rule, in minutes                                                                                 | `NULL`                          |
| `alertRetryLimitMins`                     | Time to retry failed alert deliveries, in minutes                                                                             | 2880 (2 days)                   |
| `bufferTimeMins`                          | Default rule buffer time, in minutes                                                                                          | 15                              |
| `writebackIndex`                          | Name or prefix of elastalert index(es)                                                                                        | elastalert_status               |
| `nodeSelector`                            | Node selector for deployment                                                                                                  | {}                              |
| `tolerations`                             | Tolerations for deployment                                                                                                    | []                              |

Commit message:

[stable/elastalert] Deprecate chart (#22689)
Signed-off-by: Jason Ertel <jertel@codesim.com>

stable/elastalert/README.md, after:

# Elastalert Helm Chart

## NOTICE: This chart has moved!

Due to the [deprecation and obsoletion plan](https://github.com/helm/charts#status-of-the-project) of the Helm charts repository this chart has been moved to a new repository. Refer to the [Elastalert-Docker GitHub project](https://github.com/jertel/elastalert-docker) for information on installing this chart from the new repository.

## Overview 

[elastalert](https://github.com/Yelp/elastalert) is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.

## TL;DR;

For ES 5.x:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert
```

For ES 6 and newer:

```console
$ helm install stable/elastalert --set writebackIndex=elastalert

# Open Dev Tools on Kibana and send the below.
# Otherwise elastalert ends up with errors like "RequestError: TransportError(400, u'search_phase_execution_exception', u'No mapping found for [alert_time] in order to sort on')"
PUT /elastalert/_mapping/elastalert
{
  "properties": {
      "alert_time": {"type": "date"}
  }
}
```

See the comment in the default `values.yaml` to know why `writebackIndex` is required for ES 6.x.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/elastalert
```

The command deploys elastalert on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the my-release deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| Parameter                                 | Description                                                                                                                   | Default                         |
| ----------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| `image.repository`                        | docker image                                                                                                                  | jertel/elastalert-docker        |
| `image.tag`                               | docker image tag                                                                                                              | 0.2.4                           |
| `image.pullPolicy`                        | image pull policy                                                                                                             | IfNotPresent                    |
| `podAnnotations`                          | Annotations to be added to pods                                                                                               | {}                              |
| `command`                                 | command override for container                                                                                                | `NULL`                          |
| `args`                                    | args override for container                                                                                                   | `NULL`                          |
| `replicaCount`                            | number of replicas to run                                                                                                     | 1                               |
| `elasticsearch.host`                      | elasticsearch endpoint to use                                                                                                 | elasticsearch                   |
| `elasticsearch.port`                      | elasticsearch port to use                                                                                                     | 80                              |
| `elasticsearch.useSsl`                    | whether or not to connect to es_host using SSL                                                                                | False                           |
| `elasticsearch.username`                  | Username for ES with basic auth                                                                                               | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.password`                  | Password for ES with basic auth                                                                                               | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecret`            | Specifies an existing secret to be used for the ES username/password auth                                                     | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecretUsernameKey` | The key in elasticsearch.credentialsSecret that stores the ES password auth                                                      | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.credentialsSecretPasswordKey` | The key in elasticsearch.credentialsSecret that stores the ES username auth                                                      | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.verifyCerts`               | whether or not to verify TLS certificates                                                                                     | True                            |
| `elasticsearch.clientCert`                | path to a PEM certificate to use as the client certificate                                                                    | /certs/client.pem               |
| `elasticsearch.clientKey`                 | path to a private key file to use as the client key                                                                           | /certs/client-key.pem           |
| `elasticsearch.caCerts`                   | path to a CA cert bundle to use to verify SSL connections                                                                     | /certs/ca.pem                   |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumes`              | certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled                                          | `NULL`                          |
| `elasticsearch.certsVolumeMounts`         | mount certs volumes, required to mount ssl certificates when elasticsearch has tls enabled                                    | `NULL`                          |
| `extraConfigOptions`                      | Additional options to propagate to all rules, cannot be `alert`, `type`, `name` or `index`                                    | `{}`                            |
| `optEnv`                                  | Additional pod environment variable definitions                                                                               | []                              |
| `extraVolumes`                            | Additional volume definitions                                                                                                 | []                              |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                       | Additional volumeMount definitions                                                                                            | []                              |
| `serviceAccount.create`                   | Specifies whether a service account should be created.                                                                        | `true`                          |
| `serviceAccount.name`                     | Service account to be used. If not set and `serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                 |
| `serviceAccount.annotations`              | ServiceAccount annotations                                                                                                    |                                 |
| `podSecurityPolicy.create`                | Create pod security policy resources                                                                                          | `false`                         |
| `resources`                               | Container resource requests and limits                                                                                        | {}                              |
| `rules`                                   | Rule and alert configuration for Elastalert                                                                                   | {} example shown in values.yaml |
| `runIntervalMins`                         | Default interval between alert checks, in minutes                                                                             | 1                               |
| `realertIntervalMins`                     | Time between alarms for same rule, in minutes                                                                                 | `NULL`                          |
| `alertRetryLimitMins`                     | Time to retry failed alert deliveries, in minutes                                                                             | 2880 (2 days)                   |
| `bufferTimeMins`                          | Default rule buffer time, in minutes                                                                                          | 15                              |
| `writebackIndex`                          | Name or prefix of elastalert index(es)                                                                                        | elastalert_status               |
| `nodeSelector`                            | Node selector for deployment                                                                                                  | {}                              |
| `tolerations`                             | Tolerations for deployment                                                                                                    | []                              |
