stable/drupal/README.md, before:

# Drupal

[Drupal](https://www.drupal.org/) is one of the most versatile open source content management systems on the market.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install my-release stable/drupal
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Drupal](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also packages the [Bitnami MariaDB chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/mariadb) which is required for bootstrapping a MariaDB deployment as a database for the Drupal application.

Bitnami charts can be used with [Kubeapps](https://kubeapps.com/) for deployment and management of Helm Charts in clusters. This chart has been tested to work with NGINX Ingress, cert-manager, fluentd and Prometheus on top of the [BKPR](https://kubeprod.io/).

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 2.11+ or Helm 3.0-beta3+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure
- ReadWriteMany volumes for deployment scaling

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install my-release stable/drupal
```

The command deploys Drupal on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Parameters

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Drupal chart and their default values.

| Parameter                          | Description                                           | Default                                                      |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `global.imageRegistry`             | Global Docker image registry                          | `nil`                                                        |
| `global.imagePullSecrets`          | Global Docker registry secret names as an array       | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `global.storageClass`              | Global storage class for dynamic provisioning         | `nil`                                                        |
| `image.registry`                   | Drupal image registry                                 | `docker.io`                                                  |
| `image.repository`                 | Drupal Image name                                     | `bitnami/drupal`                                             |
| `image.tag`                        | Drupal Image tag                                      | `{TAG_NAME}`                                                 |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | Drupal image pull policy                              | `IfNotPresent`                                               |
| `image.pullSecrets`                | Specify docker-registry secret names as an array      | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `nameOverride`                     | String to partially override drupal.fullname template | `nil`                                                        |
| `fullnameOverride`                 | String to fully override drupal.fullname template     | `nil`                                                        |
| `drupalProfile`                    | Drupal installation profile                           | `standard`                                                   |
| `drupalUsername`                   | User of the application                               | `user`                                                       |
| `drupalPassword`                   | Application password                                  | _random 10 character long alphanumeric string_               |
| `drupalEmail`                      | Admin email                                           | `user@example.com`                                           |
| `allowEmptyPassword`               | Allow DB blank passwords                              | `yes`                                                        |
| `extraVars`                        | Extra environment variables                           | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.enabled`                  | Enable ingress controller resource                    | `false`                                                      |
| `ingress.certManager`              | Add annotations for cert-manager                      | `false`                                                      |
| `ingress.hostname`                 | Default host for the ingress resource                 | `drupal.local`                                               |
| `ingress.annotations`              | Ingress annotations                                   | `{}`                                                         |
| `ingress.hosts[0].name`            | Hostname to your Drupal installation                  | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.hosts[0].path`            | Path within the url structure                         | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.tls[0].hosts[0]`          | TLS hosts                                             | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.tls[0].secretName`        | TLS Secret (certificates)                             | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].name`          | TLS Secret Name                                       | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].certificate`   | TLS Secret Certificate                                | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].key`           | TLS Secret Key                                        | `nil`                                                        |
| `externalDatabase.user`            | Existing username in the external db                  | `bn_drupal`                                                  |
| `externalDatabase.password`        | Password for the above username                       | `nil`                                                        |
| `externalDatabase.database`        | Name of the existing database                         | `bitnami_drupal`                                             |
| `mariadb.enabled`                  | Whether to use the MariaDB chart                      | `true`                                                       |
| `mariadb.rootUser.password`        | MariaDB admin password                                | `nil`                                                        |
| `mariadb.db.name`                  | Database name to create                               | `bitnami_drupal`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.user`                  | Database user to create                               | `bn_drupal`                                                  |
| `mariadb.db.password`              | Password for the database                             | _random 10 character long alphanumeric string_               |
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes Service type                               | `LoadBalancer`                                               |
| `service.port`                     | Service HTTP port                                     | `80`                                                         |
| `service.httpsPort`                | Service HTTPS port                                    | `443`                                                        |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`    | Enable client source IP preservation                  | `Cluster`                                                    |
| `service.nodePorts.http`           | Kubernetes http node port                             | `""`                                                         |
| `service.nodePorts.https`          | Kubernetes https node port                            | `""`                                                         |
| `persistence.enabled`              | Enable persistence using PVC                          | `true`                                                       |
| `persistence.drupal.storageClass`  | PVC Storage Class for Drupal volume                   | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)                  |
| `persistence.drupal.accessMode`    | PVC Access Mode for Drupal volume                     | `ReadWriteOnce`                                              |
| `persistence.drupal.existingClaim` | An Existing PVC name                                  | `nil`                                                        |
| `persistence.drupal.hostPath`      | Host mount path for Drupal volume                     | `nil` (will not mount to a host path)                        |
| `persistence.drupal.size`          | PVC Storage Request for Drupal volume                 | `8Gi`                                                        |
| `resources`                        | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                   | Memory: `512Mi`, CPU: `300m`                                 |
| `volumeMounts.drupal.mountPath`    | Drupal data volume mount path                         | `/bitnami/drupal`                                            |
| `podAnnotations`                   | Pod annotations                                       | `{}`                                                         |
| `affinity`                         | Map of node/pod affinities                            | `{}`                                                         |
| `metrics.enabled`                  | Start a side-car prometheus exporter                  | `false`                                                      |
| `metrics.image.registry`           | Apache exporter image registry                        | `docker.io`                                                  |
| `metrics.image.repository`         | Apache exporter image name                            | `bitnami/apache-exporter`                                    |
| `metrics.image.tag`                | Apache exporter image tag                             | `{TAG_NAME}`                                                 |
| `metrics.image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy                                     | `IfNotPresent`                                               |
| `metrics.image.pullSecrets`        | Specify docker-registry secret names as an array      | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `metrics.podAnnotations`           | Additional annotations for Metrics exporter pod       | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/port: "9117"}` |
| `metrics.resources`                | Exporter resource requests/limit                      | {}                                                           |

The above parameters map to the env variables defined in [bitnami/drupal](http://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal). For more information please refer to the [bitnami/drupal](http://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) image documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release \
  --set drupalUsername=admin,drupalPassword=password,mariadb.mariadbRootPassword=secretpassword \
    stable/drupal
```

The above command sets the Drupal administrator account username and password to `admin` and `password` respectively. Additionally, it sets the MariaDB `root` user password to `secretpassword`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml stable/drupal
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Configuration and installation details

### [Rolling VS Immutable tags](https://docs.bitnami.com/containers/how-to/understand-rolling-tags-containers/)

It is strongly recommended to use immutable tags in a production environment. This ensures your deployment does not change automatically if the same tag is updated with a different image.

Bitnami will release a new chart updating its containers if a new version of the main container, significant changes, or critical vulnerabilities exist.

### Image

The `image` parameter allows specifying which image will be pulled for the chart.

#### Private registry

If you configure the `image` value to one in a private registry, you will need to [specify an image pull secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod).

1. Manually create image pull secret(s) in the namespace. See [this YAML example reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#creating-a-secret-with-a-docker-config). Consult your image registry's documentation about getting the appropriate secret.
1. Note that the `imagePullSecrets` configuration value cannot currently be passed to helm using the `--set` parameter, so you must supply these using a `values.yaml` file, such as:

```yaml
imagePullSecrets:
  - name: SECRET_NAME
```

1. Install the chart

## Persistence

The [Bitnami Drupal](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) image stores the Drupal data at the `/bitnami/drupal` path of the container. If you wish to override the `image` value, and your image stores this data in different path, you may specify these paths with `volumeMounts.drupal.mountPath`.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. This is known to work in GCE, AWS, and minikube.
See the [Parameters](#parameters) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

### Existing PersistentVolumeClaim

1. Create the PersistentVolume
1. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
1. Install the chart

```bash
$ helm install my-release --set persistence.drupal.existingClaim=PVC_NAME stable/drupal
```

### Host path

#### System compatibility

- The local filesystem accessibility to a container in a pod with `hostPath` has been tested on OSX/MacOS with xhyve, and Linux with VirtualBox.
- Windows has not been tested with the supported VM drivers. Minikube does however officially support [Mounting Host Folders](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/master/docs/host_folder_mount.md) per pod. Or you may manually sync your container whenever host files are changed with tools like [docker-sync](https://github.com/EugenMayer/docker-sync) or [docker-bg-sync](https://github.com/cweagans/docker-bg-sync).

#### Mounting steps

1. The specified `hostPath` directory must already exist (create one if it does not).
1. Install the chart

    ```bash
    $ helm install my-release --set persistence.drupal.hostPath=/PATH/TO/HOST/MOUNT stable/drupal
    ```

    This will mount the `drupal-data` volume into the `hostPath` directory. The site data will be persisted if the mount path contains valid data, else the site data will be initialized at first launch.
1. Because the container cannot control the host machine’s directory permissions, you must set the Drupal file directory permissions yourself and disable or clear Drupal cache. See Drupal Core’s [INSTALL.txt](http://cgit.drupalcode.org/drupal/tree/core/INSTALL.txt?h=8.3.x#n152) for setting file permissions, and see [Drupal handbook page](https://www.drupal.org/node/2598914) to disable the cache, or [Drush handbook](https://drushcommands.com/drush-8x/cache/cache-rebuild/) to clear cache.

## Upgrading

### To 6.0.0

Helm performs a lookup for the object based on its group (apps), version (v1), and kind (Deployment). Also known as its GroupVersionKind, or GVK. Changing the GVK is considered a compatibility breaker from Kubernetes' point of view, so you cannot "upgrade" those objects to the new GVK in-place. Earlier versions of Helm 3 did not perform the lookup correctly which has since been fixed to match the spec.

In https://github.com/helm/charts/pull/17295 the `apiVersion` of the deployment resources was updated to `apps/v1` in tune with the api's deprecated, resulting in compatibility breakage.

This major version signifies this change.

### To 2.0.0

Backwards compatibility is not guaranteed unless you modify the labels used on the chart's deployments.
Use the workaround below to upgrade from versions previous to 2.0.0. The following example assumes that the release name is drupal:

```console
$ kubectl patch deployment drupal-drupal --type=json -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/selector/matchLabels/chart"}]'
$ kubectl delete statefulset drupal-mariadb --cascade=false
```

Commit message:

[stable/drupal] Move chart to distributed bitnami repository (#21395)
Signed-off-by: Carlos Rodriguez Hernandez <crhernandez@bitnami.com>

stable/drupal/README.md, after:

# Drupal

[Drupal](https://www.drupal.org/) is one of the most versatile open source content management systems on the market.

## This Helm chart is deprecated

Given the [`stable` deprecation timeline](https://github.com/helm/charts#deprecation-timeline), the Bitnami maintained Drupal Helm chart is now located at [bitnami/charts](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/).

The Bitnami repository is already included in the Hubs and we will continue providing the same cadence of updates, support, etc that we've been keeping here these years. Installation instructions are very similar, just adding the _bitnami_ repo and using it during the installation (`bitnami/<chart>` instead of `stable/<chart>`)

```bash
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
$ helm install my-release bitnami/<chart>           # Helm 3
$ helm install --name my-release bitnami/<chart>    # Helm 2
```

To update an exisiting _stable_ deployment with a chart hosted in the bitnami repository you can execute

```bash
$ helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
$ helm upgrade my-release bitnami/<chart>
```

Issues and PRs related to the chart itself will be redirected to `bitnami/charts` GitHub repository. In the same way, we'll be happy to answer questions related to this migration process in [this issue](https://github.com/helm/charts/issues/20969) created as a common place for discussion.

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install my-release stable/drupal
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [Drupal](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

It also packages the [Bitnami MariaDB chart](https://github.com/kubernetes/charts/tree/master/stable/mariadb) which is required for bootstrapping a MariaDB deployment as a database for the Drupal application.

Bitnami charts can be used with [Kubeapps](https://kubeapps.com/) for deployment and management of Helm Charts in clusters. This chart has been tested to work with NGINX Ingress, cert-manager, fluentd and Prometheus on top of the [BKPR](https://kubeprod.io/).

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.12+
- Helm 2.11+ or Helm 3.0-beta3+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure
- ReadWriteMany volumes for deployment scaling

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install my-release stable/drupal
```

The command deploys Drupal on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [Parameters](#parameters) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Parameters

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Drupal chart and their default values.

| Parameter                          | Description                                           | Default                                                      |
| ---------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `global.imageRegistry`             | Global Docker image registry                          | `nil`                                                        |
| `global.imagePullSecrets`          | Global Docker registry secret names as an array       | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `global.storageClass`              | Global storage class for dynamic provisioning         | `nil`                                                        |
| `image.registry`                   | Drupal image registry                                 | `docker.io`                                                  |
| `image.repository`                 | Drupal Image name                                     | `bitnami/drupal`                                             |
| `image.tag`                        | Drupal Image tag                                      | `{TAG_NAME}`                                                 |
| `image.pullPolicy`                 | Drupal image pull policy                              | `IfNotPresent`                                               |
| `image.pullSecrets`                | Specify docker-registry secret names as an array      | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `nameOverride`                     | String to partially override drupal.fullname template | `nil`                                                        |
| `fullnameOverride`                 | String to fully override drupal.fullname template     | `nil`                                                        |
| `drupalProfile`                    | Drupal installation profile                           | `standard`                                                   |
| `drupalUsername`                   | User of the application                               | `user`                                                       |
| `drupalPassword`                   | Application password                                  | _random 10 character long alphanumeric string_               |
| `drupalEmail`                      | Admin email                                           | `user@example.com`                                           |
| `allowEmptyPassword`               | Allow DB blank passwords                              | `yes`                                                        |
| `extraVars`                        | Extra environment variables                           | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.enabled`                  | Enable ingress controller resource                    | `false`                                                      |
| `ingress.certManager`              | Add annotations for cert-manager                      | `false`                                                      |
| `ingress.hostname`                 | Default host for the ingress resource                 | `drupal.local`                                               |
| `ingress.annotations`              | Ingress annotations                                   | `{}`                                                         |
| `ingress.hosts[0].name`            | Hostname to your Drupal installation                  | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.hosts[0].path`            | Path within the url structure                         | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.tls[0].hosts[0]`          | TLS hosts                                             | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.tls[0].secretName`        | TLS Secret (certificates)                             | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].name`          | TLS Secret Name                                       | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].certificate`   | TLS Secret Certificate                                | `nil`                                                        |
| `ingress.secrets[0].key`           | TLS Secret Key                                        | `nil`                                                        |
| `externalDatabase.user`            | Existing username in the external db                  | `bn_drupal`                                                  |
| `externalDatabase.password`        | Password for the above username                       | `nil`                                                        |
| `externalDatabase.database`        | Name of the existing database                         | `bitnami_drupal`                                             |
| `mariadb.enabled`                  | Whether to use the MariaDB chart                      | `true`                                                       |
| `mariadb.rootUser.password`        | MariaDB admin password                                | `nil`                                                        |
| `mariadb.db.name`                  | Database name to create                               | `bitnami_drupal`                                             |
| `mariadb.db.user`                  | Database user to create                               | `bn_drupal`                                                  |
| `mariadb.db.password`              | Password for the database                             | _random 10 character long alphanumeric string_               |
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes Service type                               | `LoadBalancer`                                               |
| `service.port`                     | Service HTTP port                                     | `80`                                                         |
| `service.httpsPort`                | Service HTTPS port                                    | `443`                                                        |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`    | Enable client source IP preservation                  | `Cluster`                                                    |
| `service.nodePorts.http`           | Kubernetes http node port                             | `""`                                                         |
| `service.nodePorts.https`          | Kubernetes https node port                            | `""`                                                         |
| `persistence.enabled`              | Enable persistence using PVC                          | `true`                                                       |
| `persistence.drupal.storageClass`  | PVC Storage Class for Drupal volume                   | `nil` (uses alpha storage class annotation)                  |
| `persistence.drupal.accessMode`    | PVC Access Mode for Drupal volume                     | `ReadWriteOnce`                                              |
| `persistence.drupal.existingClaim` | An Existing PVC name                                  | `nil`                                                        |
| `persistence.drupal.hostPath`      | Host mount path for Drupal volume                     | `nil` (will not mount to a host path)                        |
| `persistence.drupal.size`          | PVC Storage Request for Drupal volume                 | `8Gi`                                                        |
| `resources`                        | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                   | Memory: `512Mi`, CPU: `300m`                                 |
| `volumeMounts.drupal.mountPath`    | Drupal data volume mount path                         | `/bitnami/drupal`                                            |
| `podAnnotations`                   | Pod annotations                                       | `{}`                                                         |
| `affinity`                         | Map of node/pod affinities                            | `{}`                                                         |
| `metrics.enabled`                  | Start a side-car prometheus exporter                  | `false`                                                      |
| `metrics.image.registry`           | Apache exporter image registry                        | `docker.io`                                                  |
| `metrics.image.repository`         | Apache exporter image name                            | `bitnami/apache-exporter`                                    |
| `metrics.image.tag`                | Apache exporter image tag                             | `{TAG_NAME}`                                                 |
| `metrics.image.pullPolicy`         | Image pull policy                                     | `IfNotPresent`                                               |
| `metrics.image.pullSecrets`        | Specify docker-registry secret names as an array      | `[]` (does not add image pull secrets to deployed pods)      |
| `metrics.podAnnotations`           | Additional annotations for Metrics exporter pod       | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/port: "9117"}` |
| `metrics.resources`                | Exporter resource requests/limit                      | {}                                                           |

The above parameters map to the env variables defined in [bitnami/drupal](http://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal). For more information please refer to the [bitnami/drupal](http://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) image documentation.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release \
  --set drupalUsername=admin,drupalPassword=password,mariadb.mariadbRootPassword=secretpassword \
    stable/drupal
```

The above command sets the Drupal administrator account username and password to `admin` and `password` respectively. Additionally, it sets the MariaDB `root` user password to `secretpassword`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install my-release -f values.yaml stable/drupal
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Configuration and installation details

### [Rolling VS Immutable tags](https://docs.bitnami.com/containers/how-to/understand-rolling-tags-containers/)

It is strongly recommended to use immutable tags in a production environment. This ensures your deployment does not change automatically if the same tag is updated with a different image.

Bitnami will release a new chart updating its containers if a new version of the main container, significant changes, or critical vulnerabilities exist.

### Image

The `image` parameter allows specifying which image will be pulled for the chart.

#### Private registry

If you configure the `image` value to one in a private registry, you will need to [specify an image pull secret](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod).

1. Manually create image pull secret(s) in the namespace. See [this YAML example reference](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#creating-a-secret-with-a-docker-config). Consult your image registry's documentation about getting the appropriate secret.
1. Note that the `imagePullSecrets` configuration value cannot currently be passed to helm using the `--set` parameter, so you must supply these using a `values.yaml` file, such as:

```yaml
imagePullSecrets:
  - name: SECRET_NAME
```

1. Install the chart

## Persistence

The [Bitnami Drupal](https://github.com/bitnami/bitnami-docker-drupal) image stores the Drupal data at the `/bitnami/drupal` path of the container. If you wish to override the `image` value, and your image stores this data in different path, you may specify these paths with `volumeMounts.drupal.mountPath`.

Persistent Volume Claims are used to keep the data across deployments. This is known to work in GCE, AWS, and minikube.
See the [Parameters](#parameters) section to configure the PVC or to disable persistence.

### Existing PersistentVolumeClaim

1. Create the PersistentVolume
1. Create the PersistentVolumeClaim
1. Install the chart

```bash
$ helm install my-release --set persistence.drupal.existingClaim=PVC_NAME stable/drupal
```

### Host path

#### System compatibility

- The local filesystem accessibility to a container in a pod with `hostPath` has been tested on OSX/MacOS with xhyve, and Linux with VirtualBox.
- Windows has not been tested with the supported VM drivers. Minikube does however officially support [Mounting Host Folders](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube/blob/master/docs/host_folder_mount.md) per pod. Or you may manually sync your container whenever host files are changed with tools like [docker-sync](https://github.com/EugenMayer/docker-sync) or [docker-bg-sync](https://github.com/cweagans/docker-bg-sync).

#### Mounting steps

1. The specified `hostPath` directory must already exist (create one if it does not).
1. Install the chart

    ```bash
    $ helm install my-release --set persistence.drupal.hostPath=/PATH/TO/HOST/MOUNT stable/drupal
    ```

    This will mount the `drupal-data` volume into the `hostPath` directory. The site data will be persisted if the mount path contains valid data, else the site data will be initialized at first launch.
1. Because the container cannot control the host machine’s directory permissions, you must set the Drupal file directory permissions yourself and disable or clear Drupal cache. See Drupal Core’s [INSTALL.txt](http://cgit.drupalcode.org/drupal/tree/core/INSTALL.txt?h=8.3.x#n152) for setting file permissions, and see [Drupal handbook page](https://www.drupal.org/node/2598914) to disable the cache, or [Drush handbook](https://drushcommands.com/drush-8x/cache/cache-rebuild/) to clear cache.

## Upgrading

### To 6.0.0

Helm performs a lookup for the object based on its group (apps), version (v1), and kind (Deployment). Also known as its GroupVersionKind, or GVK. Changing the GVK is considered a compatibility breaker from Kubernetes' point of view, so you cannot "upgrade" those objects to the new GVK in-place. Earlier versions of Helm 3 did not perform the lookup correctly which has since been fixed to match the spec.

In https://github.com/helm/charts/pull/17295 the `apiVersion` of the deployment resources was updated to `apps/v1` in tune with the api's deprecated, resulting in compatibility breakage.

This major version signifies this change.

### To 2.0.0

Backwards compatibility is not guaranteed unless you modify the labels used on the chart's deployments.
Use the workaround below to upgrade from versions previous to 2.0.0. The following example assumes that the release name is drupal:

```console
$ kubectl patch deployment drupal-drupal --type=json -p='[{"op": "remove", "path": "/spec/selector/matchLabels/chart"}]'
$ kubectl delete statefulset drupal-mariadb --cascade=false
```
