stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter/README.md, before:

# Prometheus Mysql Exporter

-   Installs prometheus [mysql exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter)

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a prometheus [mysql exporter](http://github.com/prometheus/mysql_exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager. The exporter can connect to mysql directly or using the [Cloud SQL Proxy](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter --set mysql.user="username",mysql.pass="password",mysql.host="example.com",mysql.port="3306"
```

The command deploys a mysql exporter on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the mysql exporter chart and their default values.

| Parameter                              | Description                                         | Default                            |
| -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`                         | Amount of pods for the deployment                   | `1`                                |
| `image.repository`                     | Image repository                                    | `prom/mysqld-exporter`             |
| `image.tag`                            | Image tag                                           | `v0.11.0`                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`                     | Image pull policy                                   | `IfNotPresent`                     |
| `service.name`                         | Service name                                        | `mysql-exporter`                   |
| `service.type`                         | Service type                                        | `ClusterIP`                        |
| `service.externalport`                 | The service port                                    | `9104`                             |
| `service.internalPort`                 | The target port of the container                    | `9104`                             |
| `resources`                            | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                 | `{}`                               |
| `annotations`                          | pod annotations for easier discovery                | `see values.yaml`                  |
| `collectors`                           | Collector configuration                             | `see values.yaml`                  |
| `podLabels`                            | Additional labels to add to each pod                | `{}`                               |
| `mysql.db`                             | MySQL connection db (optional)                      | `""`                               |
| `mysql.host`                           | MySQL connection host                               | `localhost`                        |
| `mysql.param`                          | MySQL connection parameters (optional)              | `"tcp"`                            |
| `mysql.pass`                           | MySQL connection password                           | `password`                         |
| `mysql.port`                           | MySQL connection port                               | `3306`                             |
| `mysql.protocol`                       | MySQL connection protocol (optional)                | `""`                               |
| `mysql.user`                           | MySQL connection username                           | `exporter`                         |
| `mysql.existingSecret`                 | Use existing kubernetes secret for DATA_SOURCE_NAME | `false`                            |
| `cloudsqlproxy.enabled`                | Flag to enable the connection using Cloud SQL Proxy | `false`                            |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.repo`             | Cloud SQL Proxy image repository                    | `gcr.io/cloudsql-docker/gce-proxy` |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.tag`              | Cloud SQL Proxy image tag                           | `1.14`                             |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.pullPolicy`       | Cloud SQL Proxy image pull policy                   | `IfNotPresent`                     |
| `cloudsqlproxy.instanceConnectionName` | Google Cloud instance connection name               | `project:us-central1:dbname`       |
| `cloudsqlproxy.port`                   | Cloud SQL Proxy listening port                      | `3306`                             |
| `cloudsqlproxy.credentials`            | Cloud SQL Proxy service account credentials         | `bogus credential file`            |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`               | Integration with prometheus-operator                | `false`                            |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`              | Interval for polling this exporter                  |                                    |
| `serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout`         | Timeout where exporter is considered faulty         |                                    |
| `serviceMonitor.jobLabel`              | Label to use to retrieve the job name from          | `""`                               |
| `serviceMonitor.targetLabels`          | Labels to transfer from service onto the target     | `[]`                               |
| `serviceMonitor.podTargetLabels`       | Labels to transfor from pod onto the target         | `[]`                               |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set mysql.user="username",mysql.password="password",mysql.host="localhost",mysql.port="3306"  \
    stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

Documentation for the MySQL Exporter can be found here: (<https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter>)
A mysql params overview can be found here: (<https://github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#dsn-data-source-name>)

## Collector Flags

Available collector flags can be found in the [values.yaml](https://github.com/kilhyunjun/charts/blob/master/stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter/values.yaml) and a description of each flag can be found in the [mysqld_exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter#collector-flags) repository.

Commit message:

[stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter]:  Add service labels and annotations (#22986)
Signed-off-by: Calvin Bui <3604363+calvinbui@users.noreply.github.com>

stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter/README.md, after:

# Prometheus Mysql Exporter

-   Installs prometheus [mysql exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter)

## TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a prometheus [mysql exporter](http://github.com/prometheus/mysql_exporter) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager. The exporter can connect to mysql directly or using the [Cloud SQL Proxy](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy).

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
$ helm install --name my-release stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter --set mysql.user="username",mysql.pass="password",mysql.host="example.com",mysql.port="3306"
```

The command deploys a mysql exporter on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the mysql exporter chart and their default values.

| Parameter                              | Description                                         | Default                            |
| -------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| `replicaCount`                         | Amount of pods for the deployment                   | `1`                                |
| `image.repository`                     | Image repository                                    | `prom/mysqld-exporter`             |
| `image.tag`                            | Image tag                                           | `v0.11.0`                          |
| `image.pullPolicy`                     | Image pull policy                                   | `IfNotPresent`                     |
| `service.name`                         | Service name                                        | `mysql-exporter`                   |
| `service.labels`                       | Additional labels for the service                   | `{}`                               |
| `service.annotations`                  | Annotations to be added to the service              | `{}`                               |
| `service.type`                         | Service type                                        | `ClusterIP`                        |
| `service.externalport`                 | The service port                                    | `9104`                             |
| `service.internalPort`                 | The target port of the container                    | `9104`                             |
| `resources`                            | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits                 | `{}`                               |
| `annotations`                          | pod annotations for easier discovery                | `see values.yaml`                  |
| `collectors`                           | Collector configuration                             | `see values.yaml`                  |
| `podLabels`                            | Additional labels to add to each pod                | `{}`                               |
| `mysql.db`                             | MySQL connection db (optional)                      | `""`                               |
| `mysql.host`                           | MySQL connection host                               | `localhost`                        |
| `mysql.param`                          | MySQL connection parameters (optional)              | `"tcp"`                            |
| `mysql.pass`                           | MySQL connection password                           | `password`                         |
| `mysql.port`                           | MySQL connection port                               | `3306`                             |
| `mysql.protocol`                       | MySQL connection protocol (optional)                | `""`                               |
| `mysql.user`                           | MySQL connection username                           | `exporter`                         |
| `mysql.existingSecret`                 | Use existing kubernetes secret for DATA_SOURCE_NAME | `false`                            |
| `cloudsqlproxy.enabled`                | Flag to enable the connection using Cloud SQL Proxy | `false`                            |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.repo`             | Cloud SQL Proxy image repository                    | `gcr.io/cloudsql-docker/gce-proxy` |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.tag`              | Cloud SQL Proxy image tag                           | `1.14`                             |
| `cloudsqlproxy.image.pullPolicy`       | Cloud SQL Proxy image pull policy                   | `IfNotPresent`                     |
| `cloudsqlproxy.instanceConnectionName` | Google Cloud instance connection name               | `project:us-central1:dbname`       |
| `cloudsqlproxy.port`                   | Cloud SQL Proxy listening port                      | `3306`                             |
| `cloudsqlproxy.credentials`            | Cloud SQL Proxy service account credentials         | `bogus credential file`            |
| `serviceMonitor.enabled`               | Integration with prometheus-operator                | `false`                            |
| `serviceMonitor.interval`              | Interval for polling this exporter                  |                                    |
| `serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout`         | Timeout where exporter is considered faulty         |                                    |
| `serviceMonitor.jobLabel`              | Label to use to retrieve the job name from          | `""`                               |
| `serviceMonitor.targetLabels`          | Labels to transfer from service onto the target     | `[]`                               |
| `serviceMonitor.podTargetLabels`       | Labels to transfor from pod onto the target         | `[]`                               |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set mysql.user="username",mysql.password="password",mysql.host="localhost",mysql.port="3306"  \
    stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter
```

Documentation for the MySQL Exporter can be found here: (<https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter>)
A mysql params overview can be found here: (<https://github.com/go-sql-driver/mysql#dsn-data-source-name>)

## Collector Flags

Available collector flags can be found in the [values.yaml](https://github.com/kilhyunjun/charts/blob/master/stable/prometheus-mysql-exporter/values.yaml) and a description of each flag can be found in the [mysqld_exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/mysqld_exporter#collector-flags) repository.
