stable/hazelcast-jet/README.adoc, before:

:repo: helm/charts

== Hazelcast Jet

http://jet.hazelcast.org[Hazelcast Jet] is a distributed computing platform
built for high-performance stream processing and fast batch processing. It
embeds Hazelcast In-Memory Data Grid (IMDG) to provide a lightweight,
simple-to-deploy package that includes scalable in-memory storage.

Visit http://jet.hazelcast.org[jet.hazelcast.org] to learn more about the
architecture and use cases.

=== Quick Start


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast.github.io/charts/
$ helm repo update
$ helm install hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

=== Introduction

This chart bootstraps a
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-docker[Hazelcast Jet] and
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-management-center-docker[Hazelcast
Jet Management Center] deployments on a http://kubernetes.io[Kubernetes] cluster
using the https://helm.sh[Helm] package manager.

=== Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.9+

=== Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `+my-release+`:

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

The command deploys Hazelcast Jet on the Kubernetes cluster in the default
configuration. The link:#configuration[configuration] section lists the
parameters that can be configured during installation.

____
*Tip*: List all releases using `+helm list+`
____

=== Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `+my-release+` deployment:

[source,bash]
----
$ helm delete my-release
----

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and
deletes the release.

=== Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Hazelcast chart and
their default values.

[width="100%",cols="22%,53%,25%",options="header",]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Default
|`+image.repository+` |Hazelcast Jet Image name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-jet+`

|`+image.tag+` |Hazelcast Jet Image tag |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an array
|`+nil+`

|`+cluster.memberCount+` |Number of Hazelcast Jet members |2

|`+jet.rest+` |Enable REST endpoints for Hazelcast Jet member |`+true+`

|`+jet.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast Jet member
|`+nil+`

|`+jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet+` and `+jet.yaml.hazelcast+` |Hazelcast Jet and IMDG
YAML configurations (`+hazelcast-jet.yaml+` and `+hazelcast.yaml+` embedded into
`+values.yaml+`) |`+{DEFAULT_JET_YAML}+` and `+{DEFAULT_HAZELCAST_YAML}+`

|`+jet.configurationFiles+` |Hazelcast configuration files |`+nil+`

|`+nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Node labels for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.enabled+` |Turn on and off Graceful Shutdown |`+true+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.maxWaitSeconds+` |Maximum time to wait for the Hazelcast Jet
POD to shut down |`+600+`

|`+livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is initiated
|`+30+`

|`+livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the probe
to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the
probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP', `LoadBalancer', or
`NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+rbac.create+` |Enable installing RBAC Role authorization |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.create+` |Enable installing Service Account |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.name+` |Name of Service Account, if not set, the name is
generated using the fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+securityContext.enabled+` |Enables Security Context for Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center |`+true+`

|`+securityContext.runAsUser+` |User ID used to run the Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center containers |`+1001+`

|`+securityContext.fsGroup+` |Group ID associated with the Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center container |`+1001+`

|`+metrics.enabled+` |Turn on and off JMX Prometheus metrics available at
`+/metrics+` |`+false+`

|`+metrics.service.type+` |Type of the metrics service |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+metrics.service.port+` |Port of the `+/metrics+` endpoint and the metrics
service |`+8080+`

|`+metrics.service.annotations+` |Annotations for the Prometheus discovery |

|`+managementcenter.enabled+` |Turn on and off Hazelcast Jet Management Center
application |`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.image.repository+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center Image
name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-management-center+`

|`+managementcenter.image.tag+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center Image tag
(NOTE: must be the same or one minor release greater than Hazelcast image
version) |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+managementcenter.image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+managementcenter.image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as
an array |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast
Jet Management Center |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.licenseKey+` |License Key for Hazelcast Jet Management
Center |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.licenseKeySecretName+` |Kubernetes Secret Name, where Jet
Management Center License Key is stored (can be used instead of licenseKey)
|`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center node labels
for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP',
`LoadBalancer', or `NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+managementcenter.service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+8081+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe
|`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness
probe is initiated |`+30+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the
probe |`+10+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out
|`+5+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe
|`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness
probe is initiated |`+30+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the
probe |`+10+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out
|`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`
|===

Specify each parameter using the `+--set key=value[,key=value]+` argument to
`+helm install+`. For example,


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3,serviceAccount.create=false \
    hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3,serviceAccount.create=false \
    stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


The above command sets number of Hazelcast Jet members to 3 and disables REST
endpoints.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be
provided while installing the chart. For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


____
*Tip*: You can use the default values.yaml
____

=== Custom Hazelcast IMDG and Jet configuration

Custom Hazelcast IMDG and Hazelcast Jet configuration can be specified inside
`+values.yaml+`, as the `+jet.yaml.hazelcast+` and `+jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet+`
properties.

[source,yaml]
----
jet:
  yaml:
    hazelcast:
      network:
        join:
          multicast:
            enabled: false
          kubernetes:
            enabled: true
            service-name: ${serviceName}
            namespace: ${namespace}
            resolve-not-ready-addresses: true
      management-center:
        enabled: ${hazelcast.mancenter.enabled}
        url: ${hazelcast.mancenter.url}
    hazelcast-jet:
      instance:
        flow-control-period: 100
        backup-count: 1
        scale-up-delay-millis: 10000
        lossless-restart-enabled: false
      edge-defaults:
        queue-size: 1024
        packet-size-limit: 16384
        receive-window-multiplier: 3
      metrics:
        enabled: true
        jmx-enabled: true
        retention-seconds: 120
        collection-interval-seconds: 5
        metrics-for-data-structures: false
----

Alternatively, above parameters can be modified directly via `+helm+` commands.
For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-jet-release \
  --set jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet.instance.backup-count=2,jet.yaml.hazelcast.network.kubernetes.service-name=jet-service \
    hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-jet-release \
  --set jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet.instance.backup-count=2,jet.yaml.hazelcast.network.kubernetes.service-name=jet-service \
    stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

Commit message:

Add runAsGroup in SecurityContext (#101) (#21174)
Signed-off-by: devOpsHelm <devops+1@hazelcast.com>

stable/hazelcast-jet/README.adoc, after:

:repo: helm/charts

== Hazelcast Jet

http://jet.hazelcast.org[Hazelcast Jet] is a distributed computing platform
built for high-performance stream processing and fast batch processing. It
embeds Hazelcast In-Memory Data Grid (IMDG) to provide a lightweight,
simple-to-deploy package that includes scalable in-memory storage.

Visit http://jet.hazelcast.org[jet.hazelcast.org] to learn more about the
architecture and use cases.

=== Quick Start


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast.github.io/charts/
$ helm repo update
$ helm install hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

=== Introduction

This chart bootstraps a
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-docker[Hazelcast Jet] and
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-management-center-docker[Hazelcast
Jet Management Center] deployments on a http://kubernetes.io[Kubernetes] cluster
using the https://helm.sh[Helm] package manager.

=== Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.9+

=== Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `+my-release+`:

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

The command deploys Hazelcast Jet on the Kubernetes cluster in the default
configuration. The link:#configuration[configuration] section lists the
parameters that can be configured during installation.

____
*Tip*: List all releases using `+helm list+`
____

=== Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `+my-release+` deployment:

[source,bash]
----
$ helm delete my-release
----

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and
deletes the release.

=== Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Hazelcast chart and
their default values.

[width="100%",cols="22%,53%,25%",options="header",]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Default
|`+image.repository+` |Hazelcast Jet Image name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-jet+`

|`+image.tag+` |Hazelcast Jet Image tag |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an array
|`+nil+`

|`+cluster.memberCount+` |Number of Hazelcast Jet members |2

|`+jet.rest+` |Enable REST endpoints for Hazelcast Jet member |`+true+`

|`+jet.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast Jet member
|`+nil+`

|`+jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet+` and `+jet.yaml.hazelcast+` |Hazelcast Jet and IMDG
YAML configurations (`+hazelcast-jet.yaml+` and `+hazelcast.yaml+` embedded into
`+values.yaml+`) |`+{DEFAULT_JET_YAML}+` and `+{DEFAULT_HAZELCAST_YAML}+`

|`+jet.configurationFiles+` |Hazelcast configuration files |`+nil+`

|`+nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Node labels for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.enabled+` |Turn on and off Graceful Shutdown |`+true+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.maxWaitSeconds+` |Maximum time to wait for the Hazelcast Jet
POD to shut down |`+600+`

|`+livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is initiated
|`+30+`

|`+livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the probe
to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the
probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP', `LoadBalancer', or
`NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+rbac.create+` |Enable installing RBAC Role authorization |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.create+` |Enable installing Service Account |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.name+` |Name of Service Account, if not set, the name is
generated using the fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+securityContext.enabled+` |Enables Security Context for Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center |`+true+`

|`+securityContext.runAsUser+` |User ID used to run the Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center containers |`+1001+`

| `securityContext.runAsGroup` |Primary Group ID used to run all processes in the
 Hazelcast Jet and Hazelcast Jet Management Center containers | `+65534+`

|`+securityContext.fsGroup+` |Group ID associated with the Hazelcast Jet and
Hazelcast Jet Management Center container |`+1001+`

|`+metrics.enabled+` |Turn on and off JMX Prometheus metrics available at
`+/metrics+` |`+false+`

|`+metrics.service.type+` |Type of the metrics service |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+metrics.service.port+` |Port of the `+/metrics+` endpoint and the metrics
service |`+8080+`

|`+metrics.service.annotations+` |Annotations for the Prometheus discovery |

|`+managementcenter.enabled+` |Turn on and off Hazelcast Jet Management Center
application |`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.image.repository+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center Image
name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-jet-management-center+`

|`+managementcenter.image.tag+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center Image tag
(NOTE: must be the same or one minor release greater than Hazelcast image
version) |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+managementcenter.image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+managementcenter.image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as
an array |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast
Jet Management Center |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.licenseKey+` |License Key for Hazelcast Jet Management
Center |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.licenseKeySecretName+` |Kubernetes Secret Name, where Jet
Management Center License Key is stored (can be used instead of licenseKey)
|`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Jet Management Center node labels
for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+managementcenter.service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP',
`LoadBalancer', or `NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+managementcenter.service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+8081+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe
|`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness
probe is initiated |`+30+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the
probe |`+10+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out
|`+5+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe
|`+true+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness
probe is initiated |`+30+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the
probe |`+10+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out
|`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
successes for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+managementcenter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive
failures for the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`
|===

Specify each parameter using the `+--set key=value[,key=value]+` argument to
`+helm install+`. For example,


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3,serviceAccount.create=false \
    hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3,serviceAccount.create=false \
    stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


The above command sets number of Hazelcast Jet members to 3 and disables REST
endpoints.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be
provided while installing the chart. For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]


____
*Tip*: You can use the default values.yaml
____

=== Custom Hazelcast IMDG and Jet configuration

Custom Hazelcast IMDG and Hazelcast Jet configuration can be specified inside
`+values.yaml+`, as the `+jet.yaml.hazelcast+` and `+jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet+`
properties.

[source,yaml]
----
jet:
  yaml:
    hazelcast:
      network:
        join:
          multicast:
            enabled: false
          kubernetes:
            enabled: true
            service-name: ${serviceName}
            namespace: ${namespace}
            resolve-not-ready-addresses: true
      management-center:
        enabled: ${hazelcast.mancenter.enabled}
        url: ${hazelcast.mancenter.url}
    hazelcast-jet:
      instance:
        flow-control-period: 100
        backup-count: 1
        scale-up-delay-millis: 10000
        lossless-restart-enabled: false
      edge-defaults:
        queue-size: 1024
        packet-size-limit: 16384
        receive-window-multiplier: 3
      metrics:
        enabled: true
        jmx-enabled: true
        retention-seconds: 120
        collection-interval-seconds: 5
        metrics-for-data-structures: false
----

Alternatively, above parameters can be modified directly via `+helm+` commands.
For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-jet-release \
  --set jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet.instance.backup-count=2,jet.yaml.hazelcast.network.kubernetes.service-name=jet-service \
    hazelcast/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-jet-release \
  --set jet.yaml.hazelcast-jet.instance.backup-count=2,jet.yaml.hazelcast.network.kubernetes.service-name=jet-service \
    stable/hazelcast-jet
----
endif::[]
