stable/newrelic-infrastructure/README.md, before:

# newrelic-infrastructure

## Chart Details

This chart will deploy the New Relic Infrastructure agent as a Daemonset.

## Configuration

| Parameter                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Default                   |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `cluster`                      | The cluster name for the Kubernetes cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `licenseKey`                   | The [license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key) for your New Relic Account. This will be preferred configuration option if both `licenseKey` and `customSecret` are specified.             |                           |
| `customSecretName`             | Name of the Secret object where the license key is stored                                                                                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `customSecretLicenseKey`       | Key in the Secret object where the license key is stored.                                                                                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `config`                       | A `newrelic.yml` file if you wish to provide.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                           |
| `integrations_config`          | List of Integrations configuration to monitor services running on Kubernetes. More information on can be found [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/link-apps-services/monitor-services-running-kubernetes). |                           |
| `disableKubeStateMetrics`          | Disables kube-state-metrics data parsing if the value is ` true`.                                                                                                                              |   `false`                        |
| `kubeStateMetricsUrl`          | If provided, the discovery process for kube-state-metrics endpoint won't be triggered. Example: http://172.17.0.3:8080                                                                                                                            |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel`     | If provided, the kube-state-metrics pod will be discovered using this label. (should be `true` on target pod)                                                                                                                                     |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsTimeout`      | Timeout for accessing kube-state-metrics in milliseconds. If not set the newrelic default is 5000                                                                                                                                                 |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsScheme`       | If `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel` is present, it changes the scheme used to send to request to the pod.                                                                                                                                               | `http`                    |
| `kubeStateMetricsPort`         | If `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel` is present, it changes the port queried in the pod.                                                                                                                                                                 | 8080                      |
| `rbac.create`                  | Enable Role-based authentication                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `true`                    |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`              | Enable pod security policy support                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                   |
| `privileged`                   | Enable privileged mode.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `true`                    |
| `image.repository`             | The container to pull.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `newrelic/infrastructure` |
| `image.pullPolicy`             | The pull policy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `image.tag`                    | The version of the container to pull.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `1.20.0`                  |
| `resources`                    | Any resources you wish to assign to the pod.                                                                                                                                                                                                      | See Resources below       |
| `verboseLog`                   | Should the agent log verbosely. (Boolean)                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                   |
| `priorityClassName`            | Scheduling priority of the pod                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `nil`                     |
| `nodeSelector`                 | Node label to use for scheduling                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `nil`                     |
| `tolerations`                  | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)                                                                                                                                                                                      | See Tolerarions below     |
| `updateStrategy`               | Strategy for DaemonSet updates (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)                                                                                                                                                                                       | `RollingUpdate`           |
| `serviveAccount.create`        | If true, a service account would be created and assigned to the deployment                                                                                                                                                                        | true                      |
| `serviveAccount.name`          | The service account to assign to the deployment. If `serviveAccount.create` is true then this name will be used when creating the service account                                                                                                 |                           |
| `etcdTlsSecretName`            | Name of the secret containing the cacert, cert and key used for setting the mTLS config for retrieving metrics from ETCD.                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `etcdTlsSecretNamespace`       | Namespace where the secret specified in `etcdTlsSecretName` was created.                                                                                                                                                                          | `default`                 |
| `etcdEndpointUrl`              | Explicitly sets the etcd component url.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                           |
| `apiServerSecurePort`          | Set to query the API Server over a secure port.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                           |
| `apiServerEndpointUrl`         | Explicitly sets the api server componenturl.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `schedulerEndpointUrl`         | Explicitly sets the scheduler component url.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `controllerManagerEndpointUrl` | Explicitly sets the controller manager component url.                                                                                                                                                                                             |                           |

## Example

```sh
helm install stable/newrelic-infrastructure \
--set licenseKey=<enter_new_relic_license_key> \
--set cluster=my-k8s-cluster
```

## Globals

**Important:** global parameters have higher precedence than locals with the same name.

These are meant to be used when you are writing a chart with subcharts. It helps to avoid
setting values multiple times on different subcharts.

More information on globals and subcharts can be found at [Helm's official documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/chart_template_guide/subcharts_and_globals/).

| Parameter                       |
| ------------------------------- |
| `global.cluster`                |
| `global.licenseKey`             |
| `global.customSecretName`       |
| `global.customSecretLicenseKey` |

## Resources

The default set of resources assigned to the pods is shown below:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    memory: 150M
  requests:
    cpu: 100m
    memory: 30M
```

## Tolerations

The default set of relations assigned to our daemonset is shown below:

```yaml
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoSchedule"
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoExecute"
```

# Config file

If you wish to provide your own `newrelic.yml` you may do so under `config`. There are a few notable exceptions you should be aware of. Some options have been omitted because they are handled either by variables, or a secret. They are `display_name`, `license_key`, `log_file` and `verbose`.

Commit message:

adding NRIA_EVENT_QUEUE_DEPTH to increase in-memory cache of the agent (#22149)
Signed-off-by: ismael Fernandez <fernandez.molina.ismael@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: ismael Fernandez <fernandez.molina.ismael@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: ismael.fernandez <fernandez.molina.ismael@gmail.com>

stable/newrelic-infrastructure/README.md, after:

# newrelic-infrastructure

## Chart Details

This chart will deploy the New Relic Infrastructure agent as a Daemonset.

## Configuration

| Parameter                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Default                   |
| ------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| `cluster`                      | The cluster name for the Kubernetes cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `licenseKey`                   | The [license key](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/accounts/install-new-relic/account-setup/license-key) for your New Relic Account. This will be preferred configuration option if both `licenseKey` and `customSecret` are specified.             |                           |
| `customSecretName`             | Name of the Secret object where the license key is stored                                                                                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `customSecretLicenseKey`       | Key in the Secret object where the license key is stored.                                                                                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `config`                       | A `newrelic.yml` file if you wish to provide.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |                           |
| `integrations_config`          | List of Integrations configuration to monitor services running on Kubernetes. More information on can be found [here](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/link-apps-services/monitor-services-running-kubernetes). |                           |
| `disableKubeStateMetrics`          | Disables kube-state-metrics data parsing if the value is ` true`.                                                                                                                              |   `false`                        |
| `kubeStateMetricsUrl`          | If provided, the discovery process for kube-state-metrics endpoint won't be triggered. Example: http://172.17.0.3:8080                                                                                                                            |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel`     | If provided, the kube-state-metrics pod will be discovered using this label. (should be `true` on target pod)                                                                                                                                     |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsTimeout`      | Timeout for accessing kube-state-metrics in milliseconds. If not set the newrelic default is 5000                                                                                                                                                 |                           |
| `kubeStateMetricsScheme`       | If `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel` is present, it changes the scheme used to send to request to the pod.                                                                                                                                               | `http`                    |
| `kubeStateMetricsPort`         | If `kubeStateMetricsPodLabel` is present, it changes the port queried in the pod.                                                                                                                                                                 | 8080                      |
| `rbac.create`                  | Enable Role-based authentication                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `true`                    |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`              | Enable pod security policy support                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                   |
| `privileged`                   | Enable privileged mode.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | `true`                    |
| `image.repository`             | The container to pull.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `newrelic/infrastructure` |
| `image.pullPolicy`             | The pull policy.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `IfNotPresent`            |
| `image.tag`                    | The version of the container to pull.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `1.20.0`                  |
| `resources`                    | Any resources you wish to assign to the pod.                                                                                                                                                                                                      | See Resources below       |
| `verboseLog`                   | Should the agent log verbosely. (Boolean)                                                                                                                                                                                                         | `false`                   |
| `priorityClassName`            | Scheduling priority of the pod                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `nil`                     |
| `nodeSelector`                 | Node label to use for scheduling                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `nil`                     |
| `tolerations`                  | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)                                                                                                                                                                                      | See Tolerarions below     |
| `updateStrategy`               | Strategy for DaemonSet updates (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)                                                                                                                                                                                       | `RollingUpdate`           |
| `serviveAccount.create`        | If true, a service account would be created and assigned to the deployment                                                                                                                                                                        | true                      |
| `serviveAccount.name`          | The service account to assign to the deployment. If `serviveAccount.create` is true then this name will be used when creating the service account                                                                                                 |                           |
| `etcdTlsSecretName`            | Name of the secret containing the cacert, cert and key used for setting the mTLS config for retrieving metrics from ETCD.                                                                                                                         |                           |
| `etcdTlsSecretNamespace`       | Namespace where the secret specified in `etcdTlsSecretName` was created.                                                                                                                                                                          | `default`                 |
| `etcdEndpointUrl`              | Explicitly sets the etcd component url.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |                           |
| `apiServerSecurePort`          | Set to query the API Server over a secure port.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |                           |
| `apiServerEndpointUrl`         | Explicitly sets the api server componenturl.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `schedulerEndpointUrl`         | Explicitly sets the scheduler component url.                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                           |
| `controllerManagerEndpointUrl` | Explicitly sets the controller manager component url.                                                                                                                                                                                             |                           |
| `eventQueueDepth`              | Iincreases the in-memory cache of the agent to accommodate for more samples at a time.

## Example

```sh
helm install stable/newrelic-infrastructure \
--set licenseKey=<enter_new_relic_license_key> \
--set cluster=my-k8s-cluster
```

## Globals

**Important:** global parameters have higher precedence than locals with the same name.

These are meant to be used when you are writing a chart with subcharts. It helps to avoid
setting values multiple times on different subcharts.

More information on globals and subcharts can be found at [Helm's official documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/chart_template_guide/subcharts_and_globals/).

| Parameter                       |
| ------------------------------- |
| `global.cluster`                |
| `global.licenseKey`             |
| `global.customSecretName`       |
| `global.customSecretLicenseKey` |

## Resources

The default set of resources assigned to the pods is shown below:

```yaml
resources:
  limits:
    memory: 150M
  requests:
    cpu: 100m
    memory: 30M
```

## Tolerations

The default set of relations assigned to our daemonset is shown below:

```yaml
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoSchedule"
- operator: "Exists"
  effect: "NoExecute"
```

# Config file

If you wish to provide your own `newrelic.yml` you may do so under `config`. There are a few notable exceptions you should be aware of. Some options have been omitted because they are handled either by variables, or a secret. They are `display_name`, `license_key`, `log_file` and `verbose`.
