stable/hazelcast/README.adoc, before:

:repo: helm/charts

== Hazelcast

http://hazelcast.com/[Hazelcast IMDG] is the most widely used in-memory data
grid with hundreds of thousands of installed clusters around the world. It
offers caching solutions ensuring that data is in the right place when it’s
needed for optimal performance.

=== Quick Start


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast.github.io/charts/
$ helm repo update
$ helm install hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

=== Introduction

This chart bootstraps a
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-docker/tree/master/hazelcast-kubernetes[Hazelcast]
and https://github.com/hazelcast/management-center-docker[Management Center]
deployments on a http://kubernetes.io[Kubernetes] cluster using the
https://helm.sh[Helm] package manager.

=== Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.9+

=== Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `+my-release+`:

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

The command deploys Hazelcast on the Kubernetes cluster in the default
configuration. The link:#configuration[configuration] section lists the
parameters that can be configured during installation.

____
*Tip*: List all releases using `+helm list+`
____

=== Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `+my-release+` deployment:

[source,bash]
----
$ helm delete my-release
----

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and
deletes the release.

=== Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Hazelcast chart and
their default values.

[width="100%",cols="22%,53%,25%",options="header",]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Default
|`+image.repository+` |Hazelcast Image name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-kubernetes+`

|`+image.tag+` |Hazelcast Image tag |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an array
|`+nil+`

|`+cluster.memberCount+` |Number of Hazelcast members |2

|`+hazelcast.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast member
|`+nil+`

|`+hazelcast.existingConfigMap+` |ConfigMap which contains Hazelcast
configuration file(s) that are used instead hazelcast.yaml embedded into
values.yaml |`+nil+`

|`+hazelcast.yaml+` |Hazelcast YAML Configuration (`+hazelcast.yaml+` embedded
into `+values.yaml+`) |`+{DEFAULT_HAZELCAST_YAML}+`

|`+hazelcast.configurationFiles+` |Hazelcast configuration files |`+nil+`

|`+affinity+` | Hazelcast Node affinity |`+nil+`

|`+tolerations+` | Hazelcast Node tolerations |`+nil+`

|`+nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Node labels for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+hostPort+` |Port under which Hazelcast PODs are exposed on the host machines
|`+nil+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.enabled+` |Turn on and off Graceful Shutdown |`+true+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.maxWaitSeconds+` |Maximum time to wait for the Hazelcast POD
to shut down |`+600+`

|`+livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is initiated
|`+30+`

|`+livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the probe
to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+livenessProbe.path+` |URL path that will be called to check liveness. |`+/hazelcast/health/node-state+`

|`+livenessProbe.port+` |Port that will be used in liveness probe calls. |`+nil+`

|`+readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the
probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+readinessProbe.path+` |URL path that will be called to check readiness. |`+/hazelcast/health/ready+`

|`+readinessProbe.port+` |Port that will be used in readiness probe calls. |`+nil+`

|`+resources.limits.cpu+` |CPU resource limit |`+default+`

|`+resources.limits.memory+` |Memory resource limit |`+default+`

|`+resources.requests.cpu+` |CPU resource requests |`+default+`

|`+resources.requests.memory+` |Memory resource requests |`+default+`

|`+service.create+` |Enable installing Service |`+true+`

|`+service.name+` |Name of Service, if not set, the name is generated using the
fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP', `LoadBalancer', or
`NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+service.clusterIP+` | IP of the service, "None" makes the service headless |`+None+`

|`+rbac.create+` |Enable installing RBAC Role authorization |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.create+` |Enable installing Service Account |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.name+` |Name of Service Account, if not set, the name is
generated using the fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+securityContext.enabled+` |Enables Security Context for Hazelcast and
Management Center |`+true+`

|`+securityContext.runAsUser+` |User ID used to run the Hazelcast and Management
Center containers |`+65534+`

|`+securityContext.fsGroup+` |Group ID associated with the Hazelcast and
Management Center container |`+65534+`

|`+metrics.enabled+` |Turn on and off JMX Prometheus metrics available at
`+/metrics+` |`+false+`

|`+metrics.service.type+` |Type of the metrics service |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+metrics.service.port+` |Port of the `+/metrics+` endpoint and the metrics
service |`+8080+`

|`+metrics.service.annotations+` |Annotations for the Prometheus discovery |

|`+customVolume+` |Configuration for a volume mounted as `/data/custom' (e.g. to
mount a volume with custom JARs) |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.enabled+` |Turn on and off Management Center application |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.image.repository+` |Hazelcast Management Center Image name
|`+hazelcast/management-center+`

|`+mancenter.image.tag+` |Hazelcast Management Center Image tag (NOTE: must be
the same or one minor release greater than Hazelcast image version)
|`+{VERSION}+`

|`+mancenter.image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+mancenter.image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an
array |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast
Management Center |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.licenseKey+` |License Key for Hazelcast Management Center, if not
provided, can be filled in the web interface |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.licenseKeySecretName+` |Kubernetes Secret Name, where Management
Center License Key is stored (can be used instead of licenseKey) |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.affinity+` |Management Center Node affinity |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.tolerations+` |Management Center Node tolerations |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Management Center node labels for pod
assignment |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.enabled+` |Enable Persistent Volume for Hazelcast
Management |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.existingClaim+` |Name of the existing Persistence
Volume Claim, if not defined, a new is created |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.accessModes+` |Access Modes of the new Persistent
Volume Claim |`+ReadWriteOnce+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.size+` |Size of the new Persistent Volume Claim
|`+8Gi+`

|`+mancenter.service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP',
`LoadBalancer', or `NodePort') |`+LoadBalancer+`

|`+mancenter.service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe
|`+10+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for
the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for
the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe
is initiated |`+30+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe
|`+10+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes
for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for
the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.enabled+` |Enable ingress for the management center
|`+false+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.annotations+` |Any annotations for the ingress |`+{}+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.hosts+` |List of hostnames for ingress, see `+values.yaml+`
for example |`+[]+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.tls+` |List of TLS configuration for ingress, see
`+values.yaml+` for example |`+[]+`
|===

Specify each parameter using the `+--set key=value[,key=value]+` argument to
`+helm install+`. For example,


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3 \
    hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3 \
    stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

The above command sets number of Hazelcast members to 3.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be
provided while installing the chart. For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]


ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

____
*Tip*: You can use the default values.yaml
____

=== Custom Hazelcast configuration

Custom Hazelcast configuration can be specified inside `+values.yaml+`, as the
`+hazelcast.yaml+` property.

[source,yaml]
----
hazelcast:
   yaml:
    hazelcast:
      network:
        join:
          multicast:
            enabled: false
          kubernetes:
            enabled: true
            service-name: ${serviceName}
            namespace: ${namespace}
            resolve-not-ready-addresses: true
        <!-- Custom Configuration Placeholder -->
----

== Notable changes

=== 2.8.0

Hazelcast REST Endpoints are no longer enabled by default and the parameter `hazelcast.rest` is no longer available. If you want to enable REST, please add the related `endpoint-groups` to the Hazelcast Configuration. For example:

[source,yaml]
----
rest-api:
  enabled: true
  endpoint-groups:
    HEALTH_CHECK:
      enabled: true
    CLUSTER_READ:
      enabled: true
    CLUSTER_WRITE:
      enabled: true
----

Commit message:

Add missing LOGGING_LEVEL env variables (#88) (#19944)
Signed-off-by: devOpsHelm <devops+1@hazelcast.com>

stable/hazelcast/README.adoc, after:

:repo: helm/charts

== Hazelcast

http://hazelcast.com/[Hazelcast IMDG] is the most widely used in-memory data
grid with hundreds of thousands of installed clusters around the world. It
offers caching solutions ensuring that data is in the right place when it’s
needed for optimal performance.

=== Quick Start


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm repo add hazelcast https://hazelcast.github.io/charts/
$ helm repo update
$ helm install hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

=== Introduction

This chart bootstraps a
https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-docker/tree/master/hazelcast-kubernetes[Hazelcast]
and https://github.com/hazelcast/management-center-docker[Management Center]
deployments on a http://kubernetes.io[Kubernetes] cluster using the
https://helm.sh[Helm] package manager.

=== Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.9+

=== Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `+my-release+`:

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

The command deploys Hazelcast on the Kubernetes cluster in the default
configuration. The link:#configuration[configuration] section lists the
parameters that can be configured during installation.

____
*Tip*: List all releases using `+helm list+`
____

=== Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `+my-release+` deployment:

[source,bash]
----
$ helm delete my-release
----

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and
deletes the release.

=== Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Hazelcast chart and
their default values.

[width="100%",cols="22%,53%,25%",options="header",]
|===
|Parameter |Description |Default
|`+image.repository+` |Hazelcast Image name |`+hazelcast/hazelcast-kubernetes+`

|`+image.tag+` |Hazelcast Image tag |`+{VERSION}+`

|`+image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an array
|`+nil+`

|`+cluster.memberCount+` |Number of Hazelcast members |2

|`+hazelcast.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast member
|`+nil+`

|`+hazelcast.loggingLevel+` |Level of Hazelcast logs (SEVERE, WARNING, INFO, CONFIG, FINE, FINER, and FINEST); note that changing this value requires setting `securityContext.runAsUser` to `0` and `securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem` to `false`
|`+nil+`

|`+hazelcast.existingConfigMap+` |ConfigMap which contains Hazelcast
configuration file(s) that are used instead hazelcast.yaml embedded into
values.yaml |`+nil+`

|`+hazelcast.yaml+` |Hazelcast YAML Configuration (`+hazelcast.yaml+` embedded
into `+values.yaml+`) |`+{DEFAULT_HAZELCAST_YAML}+`

|`+hazelcast.configurationFiles+` |Hazelcast configuration files |`+nil+`

|`+affinity+` | Hazelcast Node affinity |`+nil+`

|`+tolerations+` | Hazelcast Node tolerations |`+nil+`

|`+nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Node labels for pod assignment |`+nil+`

|`+hostPort+` |Port under which Hazelcast PODs are exposed on the host machines
|`+nil+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.enabled+` |Turn on and off Graceful Shutdown |`+true+`

|`+gracefulShutdown.maxWaitSeconds+` |Maximum time to wait for the Hazelcast POD
to shut down |`+600+`

|`+livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is initiated
|`+30+`

|`+livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the probe
to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+livenessProbe.path+` |URL path that will be called to check liveness. |`+/hazelcast/health/node-state+`

|`+livenessProbe.port+` |Port that will be used in liveness probe calls. |`+nil+`

|`+readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe |`+10+`

|`+readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for the
probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for the probe
to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+readinessProbe.path+` |URL path that will be called to check readiness. |`+/hazelcast/health/ready+`

|`+readinessProbe.port+` |Port that will be used in readiness probe calls. |`+nil+`

|`+resources.limits.cpu+` |CPU resource limit |`+default+`

|`+resources.limits.memory+` |Memory resource limit |`+default+`

|`+resources.requests.cpu+` |CPU resource requests |`+default+`

|`+resources.requests.memory+` |Memory resource requests |`+default+`

|`+service.create+` |Enable installing Service |`+true+`

|`+service.name+` |Name of Service, if not set, the name is generated using the
fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP', `LoadBalancer', or
`NodePort') |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+service.clusterIP+` | IP of the service, "None" makes the service headless |`+None+`

|`+rbac.create+` |Enable installing RBAC Role authorization |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.create+` |Enable installing Service Account |`+true+`

|`+serviceAccount.name+` |Name of Service Account, if not set, the name is
generated using the fullname template |`+nil+`

|`+securityContext.enabled+` |Enables Security Context for Hazelcast and
Management Center |`+true+`

|`+securityContext.runAsUser+` |User ID used to run the Hazelcast and Management
Center containers |`+65534+`

|`+securityContext.fsGroup+` |Group ID associated with the Hazelcast and
Management Center container |`+65534+`

|`+securityContext.readOnlyRootFilesystem+` | Enables readOnlyRootFilesystem in
the Hazelcast security context |`true`

|`+metrics.enabled+` |Turn on and off JMX Prometheus metrics available at
`+/metrics+` |`+false+`

|`+metrics.service.type+` |Type of the metrics service |`+ClusterIP+`

|`+metrics.service.port+` |Port of the `+/metrics+` endpoint and the metrics
service |`+8080+`

|`+metrics.service.annotations+` |Annotations for the Prometheus discovery |

|`+customVolume+` |Configuration for a volume mounted as `/data/custom' (e.g. to
mount a volume with custom JARs) |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.enabled+` |Turn on and off Management Center application |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.image.repository+` |Hazelcast Management Center Image name
|`+hazelcast/management-center+`

|`+mancenter.image.tag+` |Hazelcast Management Center Image tag (NOTE: must be
the same or one minor release greater than Hazelcast image version)
|`+{VERSION}+`

|`+mancenter.image.pullPolicy+` |Image pull policy |`+IfNotPresent+`

|`+mancenter.image.pullSecrets+` |Specify docker-registry secret names as an
array |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.javaOpts+` |Additional JAVA_OPTS properties for Hazelcast
Management Center |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.licenseKey+` |License Key for Hazelcast Management Center, if not
provided, can be filled in the web interface |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.licenseKeySecretName+` |Kubernetes Secret Name, where Management
Center License Key is stored (can be used instead of licenseKey) |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.affinity+` |Management Center Node affinity |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.tolerations+` |Management Center Node tolerations |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.nodeSelector+` |Hazelcast Management Center node labels for pod
assignment |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.resources+` |CPU/Memory resource requests/limits |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.enabled+` |Enable Persistent Volume for Hazelcast
Management |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.existingClaim+` |Name of the existing Persistence
Volume Claim, if not defined, a new is created |`+nil+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.accessModes+` |Access Modes of the new Persistent
Volume Claim |`+ReadWriteOnce+`

|`+mancenter.persistence.size+` |Size of the new Persistent Volume Claim
|`+8Gi+`

|`+mancenter.service.type+` |Kubernetes service type (`ClusterIP',
`LoadBalancer', or `NodePort') |`+LoadBalancer+`

|`+mancenter.service.port+` |Kubernetes service port |`+5701+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off liveness probe |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before liveness probe is
initiated |`+30+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe
|`+10+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+5+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes for
the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for
the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.enabled+` |Turn on and off readiness probe |`+true+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds+` |Delay before readiness probe
is initiated |`+30+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds+` |How often to perform the probe
|`+10+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds+` |When the probe times out |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.successThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive successes
for the probe to be considered successful after having failed |`+1+`

|`+mancenter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold+` |Minimum consecutive failures for
the probe to be considered failed after having succeeded. |`+3+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.enabled+` |Enable ingress for the management center
|`+false+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.annotations+` |Any annotations for the ingress |`+{}+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.hosts+` |List of hostnames for ingress, see `+values.yaml+`
for example |`+[]+`

|`+mancenter.ingress.tls+` |List of TLS configuration for ingress, see
`+values.yaml+` for example |`+[]+`
|===

Specify each parameter using the `+--set key=value[,key=value]+` argument to
`+helm install+`. For example,


ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3 \
    hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set cluster.memberCount=3 \
    stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

The above command sets number of Hazelcast members to 3.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be
provided while installing the chart. For example,

ifeval::["{repo}"=="hazelcast/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml hazelcast/hazelcast
----
endif::[]


ifeval::["{repo}"=="helm/charts"]
[source,bash]
----
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/hazelcast
----
endif::[]

____
*Tip*: You can use the default values.yaml
____

=== Custom Hazelcast configuration

Custom Hazelcast configuration can be specified inside `+values.yaml+`, as the
`+hazelcast.yaml+` property.

[source,yaml]
----
hazelcast:
   yaml:
    hazelcast:
      network:
        join:
          multicast:
            enabled: false
          kubernetes:
            enabled: true
            service-name: ${serviceName}
            namespace: ${namespace}
            resolve-not-ready-addresses: true
        <!-- Custom Configuration Placeholder -->
----

== Notable changes

=== 2.8.0

Hazelcast REST Endpoints are no longer enabled by default and the parameter `hazelcast.rest` is no longer available. If you want to enable REST, please add the related `endpoint-groups` to the Hazelcast Configuration. For example:

[source,yaml]
----
rest-api:
  enabled: true
  endpoint-groups:
    HEALTH_CHECK:
      enabled: true
    CLUSTER_READ:
      enabled: true
    CLUSTER_WRITE:
      enabled: true
----
