stable/openebs/README.md, before:

OpenEBS
=======

[OpenEBS](https://github.com/openebs/openebs) is an open source storage platform that provides persistent and containerized block storage for DevOps and container environments.

OpenEBS can be deployed on any Kubernetes cluster - either in cloud, on-premise or developer laptop (minikube). OpenEBS itself is deployed as just another container on your cluster, and enables storage services that can be designated on a per pod, application, cluster or container level.

Introduction
------------

This chart bootstraps OpenEBS deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites
- Kubernetes 1.10+ with RBAC enabled
- iSCSI PV support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing OpenEBS
```
helm install --namespace openebs stable/openebs
```

## Installing OpenEBS with the release name `my-release`:
```
helm install --name `my-release` --namespace openebs stable/openebs
```

## To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:
```
helm ls --all
helm delete `my-release`
```


## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the OpenEBS chart and their default values.

| Parameter                               | Description                                   | Default                                           |
| ----------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------|
| `rbac.create`                           | Enable RBAC Resources                         | `true`                                            |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`                       | Create pod security policy resources          | `false`                                           |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Container pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`                                    |
| `image.repository`                      | Specify which docker registry to use          | `""`                                              |
| `apiserver.enabled`                     | Enable API Server                             | `true`                                            |
| `apiserver.image`                       | Image for API Server                          | `openebs/m-apiserver`                             |
| `apiserver.imageTag`                    | Image Tag for API Server                      | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `apiserver.replicas`                    | Number of API Server Replicas                 | `1`                                               |
| `apiserver.sparse.enabled`              | Create Sparse Pool based on Sparsefile        | `false`                                           |
| `provisioner.enabled`                   | Enable Provisioner                            | `true`                                            |
| `provisioner.image`                     | Image for Provisioner                         | `openebs/openebs-k8s-provisioner`                 |
| `provisioner.imageTag`                  | Image Tag for Provisioner                     | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `provisioner.replicas`                  | Number of Provisioner Replicas                | `1`                                               |
| `localprovisioner.enabled`              | Enable localProvisioner                       | `true`                                            |
| `localprovisioner.image`                | Image for localProvisioner                    | `openebs/provisioner-localpv`                     |
| `localprovisioner.imageTag`             | Image Tag for localProvisioner                | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `localprovisioner.replicas`             | Number of localProvisioner Replicas           | `1`                                               |
| `localprovisioner.basePath`             | BasePath for hostPath volumes on Nodes        | `/var/openebs/local`                              |
| `webhook.enabled`                       | Enable admission server                       | `true`                                            |
| `webhook.image`                         | Image for admission server                    | `openebs/admission-server`                        |
| `webhook.imageTag`                      | Image Tag for admission server                | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `webhook.replicas`                      | Number of admission server Replicas           | `1`                                               |
| `snapshotOperator.enabled`              | Enable Snapshot Provisioner                   | `true`                                            |
| `snapshotOperator.provisioner.image`    | Image for Snapshot Provisioner                | `openebs/snapshot-provisioner`                    |
| `snapshotOperator.provisioner.imageTag` | Image Tag for Snapshot Provisioner            | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `snapshotOperator.controller.image`     | Image for Snapshot Controller                 | `openebs/snapshot-controller`                     |
| `snapshotOperator.controller.imageTag`  | Image Tag for Snapshot Controller             | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `snapshotOperator.replicas`             | Number of Snapshot Operator Replicas          | `1`                                               |
| `ndm.enabled`                           | Enable Node Disk Manager                      | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.image`                             | Image for Node Disk Manager                   | `openebs/node-disk-manager-amd64`                 |
| `ndm.imageTag`                          | Image Tag for Node Disk Manager               | `0.6.0`                                           |
| `ndm.sparse.path`                       | Directory where Sparse files are created      | `/var/openebs/sparse`                             |
| `ndm.sparse.size`                       | Size of the sparse file in bytes              | `10737418240`                                     |
| `ndm.sparse.count`                      | Number of sparse files to be created          | `0`                                               |
| `ndm.filters.enableOsDiskExcludeFilter` | Enable filters of OS disk exclude             | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.enableVendorFilter`        | Enable filters of venders                     | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.excludeVendors`            | Exclude devices with specified vendor         | `CLOUDBYT,OpenEBS`                                |
| `ndm.filters.enablePathFilter`          | Enable filters of paths                       | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.includePaths`              | Include devices with specified path patterns  | `""`                                              |
| `ndm.filters.excludePaths`              | Exclude devices with specified path patterns  | `loop,fd0,sr0,/dev/ram,/dev/dm-,/dev/md,/dev/rbd` |
| `ndm.probes.enableSeachest`             | Enable Seachest probe for NDM                 | `false`                                           |
| `ndmOperator.enabled`                   | Enable NDM Operator                           | `true`                                            |
| `ndmOperator.image`                     | Image for NDM Operator                        | `openebs/node-disk-operator-amd64`                |
| `ndmOperator.imageTag`                  | Image Tag for NDM Operator                    | `0.6.0`                                           |
| `jiva.image`                            | Image for Jiva                                | `openebs/jiva`                                    |
| `jiva.imageTag`                         | Image Tag for Jiva                            | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `jiva.replicas`                         | Number of Jiva Replicas                       | `3`                                               |
| `jiva.defaultStoragePath`               | hostpath used by default Jiva StorageClass    | `/var/openebs`                                    |
| `cstor.pool.image`                      | Image for cStor Pool                          | `openebs/cstor-pool`                              |
| `cstor.pool.imageTag`                   | Image Tag for cStor Pool                      | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.poolMgmt.image`                  | Image for cStor Pool  Management              | `openebs/cstor-pool-mgmt`                         |
| `cstor.poolMgmt.imageTag`               | Image Tag for cStor Pool Management           | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.target.image`                    | Image for cStor Target                        | `openebs/cstor-istgt`                             |
| `cstor.target.imageTag`                 | Image Tag for cStor Target                    | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.volumeMgmt.image`                | Image for cStor Volume  Management            | `openebs/cstor-volume-mgmt`                       |
| `cstor.volumeMgmt.imageTag`             | Image Tag for cStor Volume Management         | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `helper.image`                          | Image for helper                              | `openebs/linux-utils`                             |
| `helper.imageTag`                       | Image Tag for helper                          | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `featureGates.enabled`                  | Enable feature gates for OpenEBS              | `false`                                           |
| `featureGates.GPTBasedUUID.enabled`     | Enable GPT based UUID generation in NDM       | `false`                                           |
| `crd.enableInstall`                     | Enable installation of CRDs by OpenEBS        | `true`                                            |
| `policies.monitoring.image`             | Image for Prometheus Exporter                 | `openebs/m-exporter`                              |
| `policies.monitoring.imageTag`          | Image Tag for Prometheus Exporter             | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `analytics.enabled`                     | Enable sending stats to Google Analytics      | `true`                                            |
| `analytics.pingInterval`                | Duration(hours) between sending ping stat     | `24h`                                             |
| `defaultStorageConfig.enabled`          | Enable default storage class installation     | `true`                                            |
| `varDirectoryPath.baseDir`              | To store debug info of OpenEBS containers     | `/var/openebs`                                    |
| `healthCheck.initialDelaySeconds`       | Delay before liveness probe is initiated      | `30`                                              |
| `healthCheck.periodSeconds`             | How often to perform the liveness probe       | `60`                                              |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```shell
helm install --name openebs -f values.yaml stable/openebs
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

Commit message:

[stable/openebs] add deprecation notice to openebs chart (#22860)
* add deprecation notice to openebs chart

Signed-off-by: kmova <kiran.mova@mayadata.io>

* add deprecation flag to openebs chart

Signed-off-by: kmova <kiran.mova@mayadata.io>

stable/openebs/README.md, after:

OpenEBS
=======

## NOTICE: This chart has moved!

Due to the [deprecation and obsoletion plan](https://github.com/helm/charts#status-of-the-project) of the Helm charts repository this chart has been moved to a new repository. The source for the OpenEBS Charts is moved to [OpenEBS Charts GitHub project](https://github.com/openebs/charts). The chart is hosted at https://hub.helm.sh/charts?q=openebs.



[OpenEBS](https://github.com/openebs/openebs) is an open source storage platform that provides persistent and containerized block storage for DevOps and container environments.

OpenEBS can be deployed on any Kubernetes cluster - either in cloud, on-premise or developer laptop (minikube). OpenEBS itself is deployed as just another container on your cluster, and enables storage services that can be designated on a per pod, application, cluster or container level.

Introduction
------------

This chart bootstraps OpenEBS deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

## Prerequisites
- Kubernetes 1.10+ with RBAC enabled
- iSCSI PV support in the underlying infrastructure

## Installing OpenEBS
```
helm install --namespace openebs stable/openebs
```

## Installing OpenEBS with the release name `my-release`:
```
helm install --name `my-release` --namespace openebs stable/openebs
```

## To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:
```
helm ls --all
helm delete `my-release`
```


## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the OpenEBS chart and their default values.

| Parameter                               | Description                                   | Default                                           |
| ----------------------------------------| --------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------|
| `rbac.create`                           | Enable RBAC Resources                         | `true`                                            |
| `rbac.pspEnabled`                       | Create pod security policy resources          | `false`                                           |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Container pull policy                         | `IfNotPresent`                                    |
| `image.repository`                      | Specify which docker registry to use          | `""`                                              |
| `apiserver.enabled`                     | Enable API Server                             | `true`                                            |
| `apiserver.image`                       | Image for API Server                          | `openebs/m-apiserver`                             |
| `apiserver.imageTag`                    | Image Tag for API Server                      | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `apiserver.replicas`                    | Number of API Server Replicas                 | `1`                                               |
| `apiserver.sparse.enabled`              | Create Sparse Pool based on Sparsefile        | `false`                                           |
| `provisioner.enabled`                   | Enable Provisioner                            | `true`                                            |
| `provisioner.image`                     | Image for Provisioner                         | `openebs/openebs-k8s-provisioner`                 |
| `provisioner.imageTag`                  | Image Tag for Provisioner                     | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `provisioner.replicas`                  | Number of Provisioner Replicas                | `1`                                               |
| `localprovisioner.enabled`              | Enable localProvisioner                       | `true`                                            |
| `localprovisioner.image`                | Image for localProvisioner                    | `openebs/provisioner-localpv`                     |
| `localprovisioner.imageTag`             | Image Tag for localProvisioner                | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `localprovisioner.replicas`             | Number of localProvisioner Replicas           | `1`                                               |
| `localprovisioner.basePath`             | BasePath for hostPath volumes on Nodes        | `/var/openebs/local`                              |
| `webhook.enabled`                       | Enable admission server                       | `true`                                            |
| `webhook.image`                         | Image for admission server                    | `openebs/admission-server`                        |
| `webhook.imageTag`                      | Image Tag for admission server                | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `webhook.replicas`                      | Number of admission server Replicas           | `1`                                               |
| `snapshotOperator.enabled`              | Enable Snapshot Provisioner                   | `true`                                            |
| `snapshotOperator.provisioner.image`    | Image for Snapshot Provisioner                | `openebs/snapshot-provisioner`                    |
| `snapshotOperator.provisioner.imageTag` | Image Tag for Snapshot Provisioner            | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `snapshotOperator.controller.image`     | Image for Snapshot Controller                 | `openebs/snapshot-controller`                     |
| `snapshotOperator.controller.imageTag`  | Image Tag for Snapshot Controller             | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `snapshotOperator.replicas`             | Number of Snapshot Operator Replicas          | `1`                                               |
| `ndm.enabled`                           | Enable Node Disk Manager                      | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.image`                             | Image for Node Disk Manager                   | `openebs/node-disk-manager-amd64`                 |
| `ndm.imageTag`                          | Image Tag for Node Disk Manager               | `0.6.0`                                           |
| `ndm.sparse.path`                       | Directory where Sparse files are created      | `/var/openebs/sparse`                             |
| `ndm.sparse.size`                       | Size of the sparse file in bytes              | `10737418240`                                     |
| `ndm.sparse.count`                      | Number of sparse files to be created          | `0`                                               |
| `ndm.filters.enableOsDiskExcludeFilter` | Enable filters of OS disk exclude             | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.enableVendorFilter`        | Enable filters of venders                     | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.excludeVendors`            | Exclude devices with specified vendor         | `CLOUDBYT,OpenEBS`                                |
| `ndm.filters.enablePathFilter`          | Enable filters of paths                       | `true`                                            |
| `ndm.filters.includePaths`              | Include devices with specified path patterns  | `""`                                              |
| `ndm.filters.excludePaths`              | Exclude devices with specified path patterns  | `loop,fd0,sr0,/dev/ram,/dev/dm-,/dev/md,/dev/rbd` |
| `ndm.probes.enableSeachest`             | Enable Seachest probe for NDM                 | `false`                                           |
| `ndmOperator.enabled`                   | Enable NDM Operator                           | `true`                                            |
| `ndmOperator.image`                     | Image for NDM Operator                        | `openebs/node-disk-operator-amd64`                |
| `ndmOperator.imageTag`                  | Image Tag for NDM Operator                    | `0.6.0`                                           |
| `jiva.image`                            | Image for Jiva                                | `openebs/jiva`                                    |
| `jiva.imageTag`                         | Image Tag for Jiva                            | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `jiva.replicas`                         | Number of Jiva Replicas                       | `3`                                               |
| `jiva.defaultStoragePath`               | hostpath used by default Jiva StorageClass    | `/var/openebs`                                    |
| `cstor.pool.image`                      | Image for cStor Pool                          | `openebs/cstor-pool`                              |
| `cstor.pool.imageTag`                   | Image Tag for cStor Pool                      | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.poolMgmt.image`                  | Image for cStor Pool  Management              | `openebs/cstor-pool-mgmt`                         |
| `cstor.poolMgmt.imageTag`               | Image Tag for cStor Pool Management           | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.target.image`                    | Image for cStor Target                        | `openebs/cstor-istgt`                             |
| `cstor.target.imageTag`                 | Image Tag for cStor Target                    | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `cstor.volumeMgmt.image`                | Image for cStor Volume  Management            | `openebs/cstor-volume-mgmt`                       |
| `cstor.volumeMgmt.imageTag`             | Image Tag for cStor Volume Management         | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `helper.image`                          | Image for helper                              | `openebs/linux-utils`                             |
| `helper.imageTag`                       | Image Tag for helper                          | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `featureGates.enabled`                  | Enable feature gates for OpenEBS              | `false`                                           |
| `featureGates.GPTBasedUUID.enabled`     | Enable GPT based UUID generation in NDM       | `false`                                           |
| `crd.enableInstall`                     | Enable installation of CRDs by OpenEBS        | `true`                                            |
| `policies.monitoring.image`             | Image for Prometheus Exporter                 | `openebs/m-exporter`                              |
| `policies.monitoring.imageTag`          | Image Tag for Prometheus Exporter             | `1.11.0`                                          |
| `analytics.enabled`                     | Enable sending stats to Google Analytics      | `true`                                            |
| `analytics.pingInterval`                | Duration(hours) between sending ping stat     | `24h`                                             |
| `defaultStorageConfig.enabled`          | Enable default storage class installation     | `true`                                            |
| `varDirectoryPath.baseDir`              | To store debug info of OpenEBS containers     | `/var/openebs`                                    |
| `healthCheck.initialDelaySeconds`       | Delay before liveness probe is initiated      | `30`                                              |
| `healthCheck.periodSeconds`             | How often to perform the liveness probe       | `60`                                              |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```shell
helm install --name openebs -f values.yaml stable/openebs
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)
