stable/signalsciences/README.md, before:

# SignalSciences

[SignalSciences](https://www.signalsciences.com/) is a hosted web application firewall.

## Introduction

This chart adds the SignalSciences agent to all nodes in your cluster via a DaemonSet. This chart exposes a shared unix socket file on every node for your application code to connect to the agent with.

## Prerequisites

Kubernetes 1.4+.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, retrieve your SignalSciences accessKeyId and secretAccessKey from your [Agent Installation Instructions](https://dashboard.signalsciences.net) and run:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set signalsciences.accessKeyId=YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-ID \
    --set signalsciences.secretAccessKey=YOUR-SECRET-ACCESS-KEY \
    stable/signalsciences
```

After a few minutes, you should see the agent in your SignalSciences dashboard.

**Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the SignalSciences chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                      | Description                                                               | Default                                         |
|------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `signalsciences.accessKeyId`                   | Your SignalSciences accessKeyId                                           | `Nil` You must provide your own accessKeyId     |
| `signalsciences.accessKeyIdExistingSecret`     | If set, use the secret with a provided name instead of creating a new one | `nil`                                           |
| `signalsciences.secretAccessKey`               | Your SignalSciences secretAccessKey                                       | `Nil` You must provide your own secretAccessKey |
| `signalsciences.secretAccessKeyExistingSecret` | If set, use the secret with a provided name instead of creating a new one | `nil`                                           |
| `image.repository`                             | The image repository to pull from                                         | `marc/sigsci-agent`                             |
| `image.tag`                                    | The image tag to pull                                                     | `3.12.1`                                        |
| `image.pullPolicy`                             | Image pull policy                                                         | `IfNotPresent`                                  |
| `signalsciences.resources.requests.cpu`        | CPU resource requests                                                     | `200m`                                          |
| `signalsciences.resources.limits.cpu`          | CPU resource limits                                                       | `200m`                                          |
| `signalsciences.resources.requests.memory`     | Memory resource requests                                                  | `256Mi`                                         |
| `signalsciences.resources.limits.memory`       | Memory resource limits                                                    | `256Mi`                                         |
| `daemonset.podAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to the DaemonSet's Pods                                | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.tolerations`                        | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)              | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.nodeSelector`                       | Node selectors                                                            | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.affinity`                           | Node affinities                                                           | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.updateStrategy`                     | Node affinities                                                           | `nil`                                           |
Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set signalsciences.accessKeyId=YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-ID,signalsciences.secretAccessKey=YOUR-SECRET-ACCESS-KEY \
    stable/signalsciences
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f my-values.yaml stable/signalsciences
```

**Tip**: You can copy and customize the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

### Secret

By default, this Chart creates two Secrets and puts the accessKeyId and secretAccessKey in those Secrets.
However, you can use manually created secret by setting the `sginalsciences.accessKeyIdExistingSecret` and `signalsciences.secretAccessKeyExistingSecret` values.

Commit message:

[stable/signalsciences] updated for new signalsciences version and best practices (#20560)
* updated for new version

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* extra period removal

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* update sources

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* bump to 4.5.0 image tag

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* bump to 4.6.0

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* back to 4.5 since no 4.6 image yet

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

* 4.6.0

Signed-off-by: Jonathan Meyers <jonathan@cybrary.it>

stable/signalsciences/README.md, after:

# SignalSciences

[SignalSciences](https://www.signalsciences.com/) is a hosted web application firewall.

## Introduction

This chart adds the SignalSciences agent to all nodes in your cluster via a DaemonSet. This chart exposes a shared unix socket file on every node for your application code to connect to the agent with.

## Prerequisites

Kubernetes 1.4+.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, retrieve your SignalSciences accessKeyId and secretAccessKey from your [Agent Installation Instructions](https://dashboard.signalsciences.net) and run:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set signalsciences.accessKeyId=YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-ID \
    --set signalsciences.secretAccessKey=YOUR-SECRET-ACCESS-KEY \
    stable/signalsciences
```

After a few minutes, you should see the agent in your SignalSciences dashboard.

**Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the SignalSciences chart and their default values.

| Parameter                                      | Description                                                               | Default                                         |
|------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| `signalsciences.accessKeyId`                   | Your SignalSciences accessKeyId                                           | `Nil` You must provide your own accessKeyId     |
| `signalsciences.accessKeyIdExistingSecret`     | If set, use the secret with a provided name instead of creating a new one | `nil`                                           |
| `signalsciences.secretAccessKey`               | Your SignalSciences secretAccessKey                                       | `Nil` You must provide your own secretAccessKey |
| `signalsciences.secretAccessKeyExistingSecret` | If set, use the secret with a provided name instead of creating a new one | `nil`                                           |
| `image.repository`                             | The image repository to pull from                                         | `signalsciences/sigsci-agent`                             |
| `image.tag`                                    | The image tag to pull                                                     | `4.6.0`                                        |
| `image.pullPolicy`                             | Image pull policy                                                         | `IfNotPresent`                                  |
| `signalsciences.agentTempVolume`       | Temporary volume to mount the socket and a writeable dir                                                    | `/sigsci/tmp`                                        |
| `signalsciences.resources.requests.cpu`        | CPU resource requests                                                     | `200m`                                          |
| `signalsciences.resources.limits.cpu`          | CPU resource limits                                                       | `200m`                                          |
| `signalsciences.resources.requests.memory`     | Memory resource requests                                                  | `256Mi`                                         |
| `signalsciences.resources.limits.memory`       | Memory resource limits                                                    | `256Mi`                                         |
| `signalsciences.socketAddress`       | If set, allows you to change the default socket location                                                    | `nil`                                         |
| `daemonset.podAnnotations`                     | Annotations to add to the DaemonSet's Pods                                | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.tolerations`                        | List of node taints to tolerate (requires Kubernetes >= 1.6)              | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.nodeSelector`                       | Node selectors                                                            | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.affinity`                           | Node affinities                                                           | `nil`                                           |
| `daemonset.updateStrategy`                     | Node affinities                                                           | `nil`                                           |
Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set signalsciences.accessKeyId=YOUR-ACCESS-KEY-ID,signalsciences.secretAccessKey=YOUR-SECRET-ACCESS-KEY \
    stable/signalsciences
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f my-values.yaml stable/signalsciences
```

**Tip**: You can copy and customize the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

### Secret

By default, this Chart creates two Secrets and puts the accessKeyId and secretAccessKey in those Secrets.
However, you can use manually created secret by setting the `sginalsciences.accessKeyIdExistingSecret` and `signalsciences.secretAccessKeyExistingSecret` values.
