stable/influxdb/README.md, before:

# InfluxDB

##  An Open-Source Time Series Database

[InfluxDB](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb) is an open source time series database built by the folks over at [InfluxData](https://influxdata.com) with no external dependencies. It's useful for recording metrics, events, and performing analytics.

## QuickStart

```bash
$ helm install stable/influxdb --name foo --namespace bar
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps an InfluxDB statefulset and service on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm Package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (optional)

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/influxdb
```

The command deploys InfluxDB on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The default configuration values for this chart are listed in `values.yaml`.

The [full image documentation](https://hub.docker.com/_/influxdb/) contains more information about running InfluxDB in docker.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set persistence.enabled=true,persistence.size=200Gi \
    stable/influxdb
```

The above command enables persistence and changes the size of the requested data volume to 200GB.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/influxdb
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [InfluxDB](https://hub.docker.com/_/influxdb/) image stores data in the `/var/lib/influxdb` directory in the container.

If persistence is enabled, a [Persistent Volume](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes/) associated with Statefulset will be provisioned. The volume is created using dynamic volume provisioning. In case of a disruption e.g. a node drain, kubernetes ensures that the same volume will be reatached to the Pod, preventing any data loss. Althought, when persistence is not enabled, InfluxDB data will be stored in an empty directory thus, in a Pod restart, data will be lost.

## Starting with authentication

In `values.yaml` change `.Values.config.http.auth_enabled` to `true`.

Influxdb requires also a user to be set in order for authentication to be enforced. See more details [here](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.2/query_language/authentication_and_authorization/#set-up-authentication).

To handle this setup on startup, a job can be enabled in `values.yaml` by setting `.Values.setDefaultUser.enabled` to `true`.

Make sure to uncomment or configure the job settings after enabling it. If a password is not set, a random password will be generated.

## Upgrading

### From < 1.0.0 To >= 1.0.0

Values `.Values.config.bind_address` and `.Values.exposeRpc` no longer exist. They have been replaced with `.Values.config.rpc.bind_address` and `.Values.config.rpc.enabled` respectively. Please adjust your values file accordingly.

### From < 1.5.0 to >= 2.0.0

The Kubernetes API change to support 1.160 may not be backwards compatible and may require the chare to be uninstalled in order to upgrade.  See [this issue](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/6583) for some background.

### From < 3.0.0 to >= 3.0.0

Since version 3.0.0 this chart uses a StatefulSet instead of a Deployment. As part of this update the existing persistent volume (and all data) is deleted and a new one is created. Make sure to backup and restore the data manually.

Commit message:

[stable/influxdb] Set the default user from an existing secret (#19601)
* Set the default user from an existing secret

Signed-off-by: Angelo Fausti <afausti@lsst.org>

* Address reviewer comments

Signed-off-by: Angelo Fausti <afausti@lsst.org>

stable/influxdb/README.md, after:

# InfluxDB

##  An Open-Source Time Series Database

[InfluxDB](https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb) is an open source time series database built by the folks over at [InfluxData](https://influxdata.com) with no external dependencies. It's useful for recording metrics, events, and performing analytics.

## QuickStart

```bash
$ helm install stable/influxdb --name foo --namespace bar
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps an InfluxDB statefulset and service on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm Package manager.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.4+
- PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure (optional)

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release stable/influxdb
```

The command deploys InfluxDB on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists the parameters that can be configured during installation.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release --purge
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The default configuration values for this chart are listed in `values.yaml`.

The [full image documentation](https://hub.docker.com/_/influxdb/) contains more information about running InfluxDB in docker.

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
  --set persistence.enabled=true,persistence.size=200Gi \
    stable/influxdb
```

The above command enables persistence and changes the size of the requested data volume to 200GB.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/influxdb
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## Persistence

The [InfluxDB](https://hub.docker.com/_/influxdb/) image stores data in the `/var/lib/influxdb` directory in the container.

If persistence is enabled, a [Persistent Volume](http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/persistent-volumes/) associated with Statefulset will be provisioned. The volume is created using dynamic volume provisioning. In case of a disruption e.g. a node drain, kubernetes ensures that the same volume will be reatached to the Pod, preventing any data loss. Althought, when persistence is not enabled, InfluxDB data will be stored in an empty directory thus, in a Pod restart, data will be lost.

## Starting with authentication

In `values.yaml` change `.Values.config.http.auth_enabled` to `true`.

Influxdb requires also a user to be set in order for authentication to be enforced. See more details [here](https://docs.influxdata.com/influxdb/v1.2/query_language/authentication_and_authorization/#set-up-authentication).

To handle this setup on startup, a job can be enabled in `values.yaml` by setting `.Values.setDefaultUser.enabled` to `true`.

Make sure to uncomment or configure the job settings after enabling it. If a password is not set, a random password will be generated.

Alternatively, if `.Values.setDefaultUser.user.existingSecret` is set the user and password are obtained from an existing Secret, the expected keys are `influxdb-user` and `influxdb-password`. Use this variable  if you need to check in the `values.yaml` in a repository to avoid exposing your secrets. 

## Upgrading

### From < 1.0.0 To >= 1.0.0

Values `.Values.config.bind_address` and `.Values.exposeRpc` no longer exist. They have been replaced with `.Values.config.rpc.bind_address` and `.Values.config.rpc.enabled` respectively. Please adjust your values file accordingly.

### From < 1.5.0 to >= 2.0.0

The Kubernetes API change to support 1.160 may not be backwards compatible and may require the chare to be uninstalled in order to upgrade.  See [this issue](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/6583) for some background.

### From < 3.0.0 to >= 3.0.0

Since version 3.0.0 this chart uses a StatefulSet instead of a Deployment. As part of this update the existing persistent volume (and all data) is deleted and a new one is created. Make sure to backup and restore the data manually.
