stable/coredns/README.md, before:

# CoreDNS

[CoreDNS](https://coredns.io/) is a DNS server that chains plugins and provides DNS Services

# TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install --name coredns --namespace=kube-system stable/coredns
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [CoreDNS](https://github.com/coredns/coredns) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager. This chart will provide DNS Services and can be deployed in multiple configuration to support various scenarios listed below:

 - CoreDNS as a cluster dns service and a drop-in replacement for Kube/SkyDNS. This is the default mode and CoreDNS is deployed as cluster-service in kube-system namespace. This mode is chosen by setting `isClusterService` to true.
 - CoreDNS as an external dns service. In this mode CoreDNS is deployed as any kubernetes app in user specified namespace. The CoreDNS service can be exposed outside the cluster by using using either the NodePort or LoadBalancer type of service. This mode is chosen by setting `isClusterService` to false.
 - CoreDNS as an external dns provider for kubernetes federation. This is a sub case of 'external dns service' which uses etcd plugin for CoreDNS backend. This deployment mode as a dependency on `etcd-operator` chart, which needs to be pre-installed.

## Prerequisites

-	Kubernetes 1.10 or later

## Installing the Chart

The chart can be installed as follows:

```console
$ helm install --name coredns --namespace=kube-system stable/coredns
```

The command deploys CoreDNS on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists various ways to override default configuration during deployment.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete coredns
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| Parameter                               | Description                                                                           | Default                                                     |
|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`                      | The image repository to pull from                                                     | coredns/coredns                                             |
| `image.tag`                             | The image tag to pull from                                                            | `v1.6.9`                                                    |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Image pull policy                                                                     | IfNotPresent                                                |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of replicas                                                                    | 1                                                           |
| `resources.limits.cpu`                  | Container maximum CPU                                                                 | `100m`                                                      |
| `resources.limits.memory`               | Container maximum memory                                                              | `128Mi`                                                     |
| `resources.requests.cpu`                | Container requested CPU                                                               | `100m`                                                      |
| `resources.requests.memory`             | Container requested memory                                                            | `128Mi`                                                     |
| `serviceType`                           | Kubernetes Service type                                                               | `ClusterIP`                                                 |
| `prometheus.monitor.enabled`            | Set this to `true` to create ServiceMonitor for Prometheus operator                   | `false`                                                     |
| `prometheus.monitor.additionalLabels`   | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor will be discovered by Prometheus | {}                                                          |
| `prometheus.monitor.namespace`          | Selector to select which namespaces the Endpoints objects are discovered from.        | `""`                                                        |
| `service.clusterIP`                     | IP address to assign to service                                                       | `""`                                                        |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                | IP address to assign to load balancer (if supported)                                  | `""`                                                        |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`         | Enable client source IP preservation                                                  | `[]`                                                        |
| `service.annotations`                   | Annotations to add to service                                                         | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/port: "9153"}`|
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | If true, create & use serviceAccount                                                  | false                                                       |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | If not set & create is true, use template fullname                                    |                                                             |
| `rbac.create`                           | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                                  | true                                                        |
| `rbac.pspEnable`                        | Specifies whether a PodSecurityPolicy should be created.                              | `false`                                                     |
| `isClusterService`                      | Specifies whether chart should be deployed as cluster-service or normal k8s app.      | true                                                        |
| `priorityClassName`                     | Name of Priority Class to assign pods                                                 | `""`                                                        |
| `servers`                               | Configuration for CoreDNS and plugins                                                 | See values.yml                                              |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                  | {}                                                          |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                        | {}                                                          |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                        | []                                                          |
| `zoneFiles`                             | Configure custom Zone files                                                           | []                                                          |
| `extraVolumes`                          | Optional array of volumes to create                                                   | []                                                          |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                     | Optional array of volumes to mount inside the CoreDNS container                       | []                                                          |
| `extraSecrets`                          | Optional array of secrets to mount inside the CoreDNS container                       | []                                                          |
| `customLabels`                          | Optional labels for Deployment(s), Pod, Service, ServiceMonitor objects               | {}                                                          |
| `podDisruptionBudget`                   | Optional PodDisruptionBudget                                                          | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.enabled`                    | Optionally enabled a cluster-proportional-autoscaler for CoreDNS                      | `false`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.coresPerReplica`            | Number of cores in the cluster per CoreDNS replica                                    | `256`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.nodesPerReplica`            | Number of nodes in the cluster per CoreDNS replica                                    | `16`                                                        |
| `autoscaler.min`                        | Min size of replicaCount                                                              | 0                                                           |
| `autoscaler.max`                        | Max size of replicaCount                                                              | 0  (aka no max)                                             |
| `autoscaler.includeUnschedulableNodes`  | Should the replicas scale based on the total number or only schedulable nodes         | `false`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.preventSinglePointFailure`  | If true does not allow single points of failure to form                               | `true`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.image.repository`           | The image repository to pull autoscaler from                                          | k8s.gcr.io/cluster-proportional-autoscaler-amd64            |
| `autoscaler.image.tag`                  | The image tag to pull autoscaler from                                                 | `1.7.1`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.image.pullPolicy`           | Image pull policy for the autoscaler                                                  | IfNotPresent                                                |
| `autoscaler.priorityClassName`          | Optional priority class for the autoscaler pod. `priorityClassName` used if not set.  | `""`                                                        |
| `autoscaler.affinity`                   | Affinity settings for pod assignment for autoscaler                                   | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.nodeSelector`               | Node labels for pod assignment for autoscaler                                         | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.tolerations`                | Tolerations for pod assignment for autoscaler                                         | []                                                          |
| `autoscaler.resources.limits.cpu`       | Container maximum CPU for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                             | `20m`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.resources.limits.memory`    | Container maximum memory for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                          | `10Mi`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.resources.requests.cpu`     | Container requested CPU for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                           | `20m`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.resources.requests.memory`  | Container requested memory for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                        | `10Mi`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.configmap.annotations`      | Annotations to add to autoscaler config map. For example to stop CI renaming them     | {}                                                          |

See `values.yaml` for configuration notes. Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name coredns \
  --set rbac.create=false \
    stable/coredns
```

The above command disables automatic creation of RBAC rules.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name coredns -f values.yaml stable/coredns
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)


## Caveats

The chart will automatically determine which protocols to listen on based on
the protocols you define in your zones. This means that you could potentially
use both "TCP" and "UDP" on a single port.
Some cloud environments like "GCE" or "Azure container service" cannot
create external loadbalancers with both "TCP" and "UDP" protocols. So
When deploying CoreDNS with `serviceType="LoadBalancer"` on such cloud
environments, make sure you do not attempt to use both protocols at the same
time.

## Autoscaling

By setting `autoscaler.enabled = true` a
[cluster-proportional-autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/cluster-proportional-autoscaler)
will be deployed. This will default to a coredns replica for every 256 cores, or
16 nodes in the cluster. These can be changed with `autoscaler.coresPerReplica`
and `autoscaler.nodesPerReplica`. When cluster is using large nodes (with more
cores), `coresPerReplica` should dominate. If using small nodes,
`nodesPerReplica` should dominate.

This also creates a ServiceAccount, ClusterRole, and ClusterRoleBinding for
the autoscaler deployment.

`replicaCount` is ignored if this is enabled.

Commit message:

separate creation of prometheus service from operator (#22804)
Signed-off-by: Paul Whitehead <whitehead.pauljay@gmail.com>

stable/coredns/README.md, after:

# CoreDNS

[CoreDNS](https://coredns.io/) is a DNS server that chains plugins and provides DNS Services

# TL;DR;

```console
$ helm install --name coredns --namespace=kube-system stable/coredns
```

## Introduction

This chart bootstraps a [CoreDNS](https://github.com/coredns/coredns) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager. This chart will provide DNS Services and can be deployed in multiple configuration to support various scenarios listed below:

 - CoreDNS as a cluster dns service and a drop-in replacement for Kube/SkyDNS. This is the default mode and CoreDNS is deployed as cluster-service in kube-system namespace. This mode is chosen by setting `isClusterService` to true.
 - CoreDNS as an external dns service. In this mode CoreDNS is deployed as any kubernetes app in user specified namespace. The CoreDNS service can be exposed outside the cluster by using using either the NodePort or LoadBalancer type of service. This mode is chosen by setting `isClusterService` to false.
 - CoreDNS as an external dns provider for kubernetes federation. This is a sub case of 'external dns service' which uses etcd plugin for CoreDNS backend. This deployment mode as a dependency on `etcd-operator` chart, which needs to be pre-installed.

## Prerequisites

-	Kubernetes 1.10 or later

## Installing the Chart

The chart can be installed as follows:

```console
$ helm install --name coredns --namespace=kube-system stable/coredns
```

The command deploys CoreDNS on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration. The [configuration](#configuration) section lists various ways to override default configuration during deployment.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
$ helm delete coredns
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

| Parameter                               | Description                                                                           | Default                                                     |
|:----------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|
| `image.repository`                      | The image repository to pull from                                                     | coredns/coredns                                             |
| `image.tag`                             | The image tag to pull from                                                            | `v1.6.9`                                                    |
| `image.pullPolicy`                      | Image pull policy                                                                     | IfNotPresent                                                |
| `replicaCount`                          | Number of replicas                                                                    | 1                                                           |
| `resources.limits.cpu`                  | Container maximum CPU                                                                 | `100m`                                                      |
| `resources.limits.memory`               | Container maximum memory                                                              | `128Mi`                                                     |
| `resources.requests.cpu`                | Container requested CPU                                                               | `100m`                                                      |
| `resources.requests.memory`             | Container requested memory                                                            | `128Mi`                                                     |
| `serviceType`                           | Kubernetes Service type                                                               | `ClusterIP`                                                 |
| `prometheus.service.enabled`            | Set this to `true` to create Service for Prometheus metrics                           | `false`                                                     |
| `prometheus.service.annotations`        | Annotations to add to the metrics Service                                             | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/port: "9153"}`|
| `prometheus.monitor.enabled`            | Set this to `true` to create ServiceMonitor for Prometheus operator                   | `false`                                                     |
| `prometheus.monitor.additionalLabels`   | Additional labels that can be used so ServiceMonitor will be discovered by Prometheus | {}                                                          |
| `prometheus.monitor.namespace`          | Selector to select which namespaces the Endpoints objects are discovered from.        | `""`                                                        |
| `service.clusterIP`                     | IP address to assign to service                                                       | `""`                                                        |
| `service.loadBalancerIP`                | IP address to assign to load balancer (if supported)                                  | `""`                                                        |
| `service.externalTrafficPolicy`         | Enable client source IP preservation                                                  | `[]`                                                        |
| `service.annotations`                   | Annotations to add to service                                                         | `{prometheus.io/scrape: "true", prometheus.io/port: "9153"}`|
| `serviceAccount.create`                 | If true, create & use serviceAccount                                                  | false                                                       |
| `serviceAccount.name`                   | If not set & create is true, use template fullname                                    |                                                             |
| `rbac.create`                           | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                                  | true                                                        |
| `rbac.pspEnable`                        | Specifies whether a PodSecurityPolicy should be created.                              | `false`                                                     |
| `isClusterService`                      | Specifies whether chart should be deployed as cluster-service or normal k8s app.      | true                                                        |
| `priorityClassName`                     | Name of Priority Class to assign pods                                                 | `""`                                                        |
| `servers`                               | Configuration for CoreDNS and plugins                                                 | See values.yml                                              |
| `affinity`                              | Affinity settings for pod assignment                                                  | {}                                                          |
| `nodeSelector`                          | Node labels for pod assignment                                                        | {}                                                          |
| `tolerations`                           | Tolerations for pod assignment                                                        | []                                                          |
| `zoneFiles`                             | Configure custom Zone files                                                           | []                                                          |
| `extraVolumes`                          | Optional array of volumes to create                                                   | []                                                          |
| `extraVolumeMounts`                     | Optional array of volumes to mount inside the CoreDNS container                       | []                                                          |
| `extraSecrets`                          | Optional array of secrets to mount inside the CoreDNS container                       | []                                                          |
| `customLabels`                          | Optional labels for Deployment(s), Pod, Service, ServiceMonitor objects               | {}                                                          |
| `podDisruptionBudget`                   | Optional PodDisruptionBudget                                                          | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.enabled`                    | Optionally enabled a cluster-proportional-autoscaler for CoreDNS                      | `false`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.coresPerReplica`            | Number of cores in the cluster per CoreDNS replica                                    | `256`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.nodesPerReplica`            | Number of nodes in the cluster per CoreDNS replica                                    | `16`                                                        |
| `autoscaler.min`                        | Min size of replicaCount                                                              | 0                                                           |
| `autoscaler.max`                        | Max size of replicaCount                                                              | 0  (aka no max)                                             |
| `autoscaler.includeUnschedulableNodes`  | Should the replicas scale based on the total number or only schedulable nodes         | `false`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.preventSinglePointFailure`  | If true does not allow single points of failure to form                               | `true`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.image.repository`           | The image repository to pull autoscaler from                                          | k8s.gcr.io/cluster-proportional-autoscaler-amd64            |
| `autoscaler.image.tag`                  | The image tag to pull autoscaler from                                                 | `1.7.1`                                                     |
| `autoscaler.image.pullPolicy`           | Image pull policy for the autoscaler                                                  | IfNotPresent                                                |
| `autoscaler.priorityClassName`          | Optional priority class for the autoscaler pod. `priorityClassName` used if not set.  | `""`                                                        |
| `autoscaler.affinity`                   | Affinity settings for pod assignment for autoscaler                                   | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.nodeSelector`               | Node labels for pod assignment for autoscaler                                         | {}                                                          |
| `autoscaler.tolerations`                | Tolerations for pod assignment for autoscaler                                         | []                                                          |
| `autoscaler.resources.limits.cpu`       | Container maximum CPU for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                             | `20m`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.resources.limits.memory`    | Container maximum memory for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                          | `10Mi`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.resources.requests.cpu`     | Container requested CPU for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                           | `20m`                                                       |
| `autoscaler.resources.requests.memory`  | Container requested memory for cluster-proportional-autoscaler                        | `10Mi`                                                      |
| `autoscaler.configmap.annotations`      | Annotations to add to autoscaler config map. For example to stop CI renaming them     | {}                                                          |

See `values.yaml` for configuration notes. Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name coredns \
  --set rbac.create=false \
    stable/coredns
```

The above command disables automatic creation of RBAC rules.

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```console
$ helm install --name coredns -f values.yaml stable/coredns
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)


## Caveats

The chart will automatically determine which protocols to listen on based on
the protocols you define in your zones. This means that you could potentially
use both "TCP" and "UDP" on a single port.
Some cloud environments like "GCE" or "Azure container service" cannot
create external loadbalancers with both "TCP" and "UDP" protocols. So
When deploying CoreDNS with `serviceType="LoadBalancer"` on such cloud
environments, make sure you do not attempt to use both protocols at the same
time.

## Autoscaling

By setting `autoscaler.enabled = true` a
[cluster-proportional-autoscaler](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/cluster-proportional-autoscaler)
will be deployed. This will default to a coredns replica for every 256 cores, or
16 nodes in the cluster. These can be changed with `autoscaler.coresPerReplica`
and `autoscaler.nodesPerReplica`. When cluster is using large nodes (with more
cores), `coresPerReplica` should dominate. If using small nodes,
`nodesPerReplica` should dominate.

This also creates a ServiceAccount, ClusterRole, and ClusterRoleBinding for
the autoscaler deployment.

`replicaCount` is ignored if this is enabled.
