stable/sysdig/README.md, before:

# Sysdig

[Sysdig](https://sysdig.com/) is a unified platform for container and microservices monitoring, troubleshooting, security and forensics. Sysdig platform has been built on top of [Sysdig tool](https://sysdig.com/opensource/sysdig/) and [Sysdig Inspect](https://sysdig.com/blog/sysdig-inspect/) open-source technologies.

## Introduction

This chart adds the Sysdig agent for [Sysdig Monitor](https://sysdig.com/product/monitor/) and [Sysdig Secure](https://sysdig.com/product/secure/) to all nodes in your cluster via a DaemonSet.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, retrieve your Sysdig Monitor Access Key from your [Account Settings](https://app.sysdigcloud.com/#/settings/agentInstallation) and run:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE stable/sysdig
```

After a few seconds, you should see hosts and containers appearing in Sysdig Monitor and Sysdig Secure.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```
> **Tip**: Use helm delete --purge my-release to completely remove the release from Helm internal storage

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Sysdig chart and their default values.

| Parameter                         | Description                                                            | Default                                     |
| ---                               | ---                                                                    | ---                                         |
| `image.registry`                  | Sysdig Agent image registry                                            | `docker.io`                                 |
| `image.repository`                | The image repository to pull from                                      | `sysdig/agent`                              |
| `image.tag`                       | The image tag to pull                                                  | `9.9.1`                                     |
| `image.pullPolicy`                | The Image pull policy                                                  | `IfNotPresent`                              |
| `image.pullSecrets`               | Image pull secrets                                                     | `nil`                                       |
| `resources.requests.cpu`          | CPU requested for being run in a node                                  | `600m`                                      |
| `resources.requests.memory`       | Memory requested for being run in a node                               | `512Mi`                                     |
| `resources.limits.cpu`            | CPU limit                                                              | `2000m`                                     |
| `resources.limits.memory`         | Memory limit                                                           | `1536Mi`                                    |
| `rbac.create`                     | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                   | `true`                                      |
| `serviceAccount.create`           | Create serviceAccount                                                  | `true`                                      |
| `serviceAccount.name`             | Use this value as serviceAccountName                                   | ` `                                         |
| `daemonset.updateStrategy.type`   | The updateStrategy for updating the daemonset                          | `RollingUpdate`                             |
| `daemonset.affinity`              | Node affinities                                                        | `nil`                                       |
| `daemonset.nodeSelector`          | Node selector                                                          | `kubernetes.io/arch:amd64`                  |
| `slim.enabled`                    | Use the slim based Sysdig Agent image                                  | `false`                                     |
| `slim.kmoduleImage.repository`    | The kernel module image builder repository to pull from                | `sysdig/agent-kmodule`                      |
| `slim.resources.requests.cpu`     | CPU requested for building the kernel module                           | `1000m`                                     |
| `slim.resources.requests.memory`  | Memory requested for building the kernel module                        | `348Mi`                                     |
| `slim.resources.limits.memory`    | Memory limit for building the kernel module                            | `512Mi`                                     |
| `ebpf.enabled`                    | Enable eBPF support for Sysdig instead of `sysdig-probe` kernel module | `false`                                     |
| `ebpf.settings.mountEtcVolume`    | Needed to detect which kernel version are running in Google COS        | `true`                                      |
| `sysdig.accessKey`                | Your Sysdig Monitor Access Key                                         | `Nil` You must provide your own key         |
| `sysdig.settings`                 | Settings for agent's configuration file                                | ` `                                         |
| `secure.enabled`                  | Enable Sysdig Secure                                                   | `true`                                      |
| `auditLog.enabled`                | Enable K8s audit log support for Sysdig Secure                         | `false`                                     |
| `auditLog.auditServerUrl`         | The URL where Sysdig Agent listens for K8s audit log events            | `0.0.0.0`                                   |
| `auditLog.auditServerPort`        | Port where Sysdig Agent listens for K8s audit log events               | `7765`                                      |
| `auditLog.dynamicBackend.enabled` | Deploy the Audit Sink where Sysdig listens for K8s audit log events    | `false`                                     |
| `customAppChecks`                 | The custom app checks deployed with your agent                         | `{}`                                        |
| `tolerations`                     | The tolerations for scheduling                                         | `node-role.kubernetes.io/master:NoSchedule` |
| `scc.create`                      | Create OpenShift's Security Context Constraint                         | `false`                                     |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE,sysdig.settings.tags="role:webserver\,location:europe" \
    stable/sysdig
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## On-Premise backend deployment settings

Sysdig platform backend can be also deployed On-Premise in your own infrastructure.

Installing the agent using the Helm chart is also possible in this scenario, and you can enable it with the following parameters:

| Parameter                                | Description                                              | Default |
| ---                                      | ---                                                      | ---     |
| `sysdig.settings.collector`              | The IP address or hostname of the collector              | ` `     |
| `sysdig.settings.collector_port`         | The port where collector is listening                    | ` `
| `sysdig.settings.ssl`                    | The collector accepts SSL                                | `true`  |
| `sysdig.settings.ssl_verify_certificate` | Set to false if you don't want to verify SSL certificate | `true`  |

For example:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE \
    --set sysdig.settings.collector=42.32.196.18 \
    --set sysdig.settings.collector_port=6443 \
    --set sysdig.settings.ssl_verify_certificate=false \
    stable/sysdig
```

## Using private Docker image registry

If you pull the Sysdig agent Docker image from a private registry that requires authentication, some additional configuration is required.

First, create a secret that stores the registry credentials:

```bash
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry SECRET_NAME \
  --docker-server=SERVER \
  --docker-username=USERNAME \
  --docker-password=TOKEN \
  --docker-email=EMAIL
```

Then, point to this secret in the values YAML file:

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
image:
  registry: myrepo.mydomain.tld
  repository: sysdig-agent
  tag: latest-tag
  pullSecrets:
    - name: SECRET_NAME
```

Finally, set the accessKey value and you are ready to deploy the Sysdig agent
using the Helm chart:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

You can read more details about this in [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

## Modifying Sysdig agent configuration

The Sysdig agent uses a file called `dragent.yaml` to store the configuration.

Using the Helm chart, the default configuration settings can be updated using `sysdig.settings` either via `--set sysdig.settings.key = value` or in the values YAML file. For example, to eanble Prometheus metrics scraping, you need this in your `values.yaml` file::

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
      histograms: true
```

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

## Upgrading Sysdig agent configuration

If you need to upgrade the agent configuration file, first modify the YAML file (in this case we are increasing the metrics limit scraping Prometheus metrics):

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
      histograms: true
      max_metrics: 2000
      max_metrics_per_process: 400
```

And then, upgrade Helm chart with:

```bash
$ helm upgrade my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

## How to upgrade to the last version

First of all ensure you have the lastest chart version

```bash
$ helm repo update
```

In case you deployed the chart with a values.yaml file, you just need to modify (or add if it's missing) the `image.tag` field and execute:

```bash
$ helm install --name sysdig -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

If you deployed the chart setting the values as CLI parameters, like for example:

```bash
$ helm install \
    --name sysdig \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=xxxx \
    --set ebpf.enabled=true \
    --namespace sysdig-agent \
    stable/sysdig
```

You will need to execute:

```bash
$ helm upgrade --set image.tag=<last_version> --reuse-values sysdig stable/sysdig
```

## Adding custom AppChecks

[Application checks](https://sysdigdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Monitor/pages/204767363/) are integrations that allow the Sysdig agent to collect metrics exposed by specific services. Sysdig has several built-in AppChecks, but sometimes you might need to [create your own](https://sysdigdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Monitor/pages/204767436/).

Your own AppChecks can deployed with the Helm chart embedding them in the values YAML file:

```yaml
customAppChecks:
  sample.py: |-
    from checks import AgentCheck

    class MyCustomCheck(AgentCheck):
        def check(self, instance):
            self.gauge("testhelm", 1)

sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    app_checks:
      - name: sample
        interval: 10
        pattern: # pattern to match the application
          comm: myprocess
        conf:
          mykey: myvalue
```

The first section, dumps the AppCheck in a Kubernetes configmap and makes it available within the Sysdig agent container. The second, configures it on the `dragent.yaml` file.

Once the values YAML file is ready, we will deploy the Chart like before:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

### Automating the generation of custom-app-checks.yaml file

Sometimes editing and maintaining YAML files can be a bit cumbersome and error prone, so we have created a script for automating this process and make your life easier.

Imagine that you have custom AppChecks for a number of services like Redis, MongoDB and Traefik.

You have already a `values.yaml` with just your configuration:

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    app_checks:
      - name: myredis
        [...]
      - name: mymongo
        [...]
      - name: mytraefik
        [...]
```

You can generate an additional values YAML file with the custom AppChecks:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/charts.git
$ cd stable/sysdig
$ ./scripts/appchecks2helm appChecks/solr.py appChecks/traefik.py appChecks/nats.py > custom-app-checks.yaml
```

And deploy the Chart with both of them:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f custom-app-checks.yaml -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

Commit message:

[stable/sysdig] Add affinity instructions to schedule on amd64 and linux (#22150)
* [stable/sysdig] Add affinity instructions to schedule on amd64 and linux

Signed-off-by: Néstor Salceda <nestor.salceda@sysdig.com>

* [stable/sysdig] Add support for custom annotations

Signed-off-by: Néstor Salceda <nestor.salceda@sysdig.com>

stable/sysdig/README.md, after:

# Sysdig

[Sysdig](https://sysdig.com/) is a unified platform for container and microservices monitoring, troubleshooting, security and forensics. Sysdig platform has been built on top of [Sysdig tool](https://sysdig.com/opensource/sysdig/) and [Sysdig Inspect](https://sysdig.com/blog/sysdig-inspect/) open-source technologies.

## Introduction

This chart adds the Sysdig agent for [Sysdig Monitor](https://sysdig.com/product/monitor/) and [Sysdig Secure](https://sysdig.com/product/secure/) to all nodes in your cluster via a DaemonSet.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.9+ with Beta APIs enabled

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`, retrieve your Sysdig Monitor Access Key from your [Account Settings](https://app.sysdigcloud.com/#/settings/agentInstallation) and run:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE stable/sysdig
```

After a few seconds, you should see hosts and containers appearing in Sysdig Monitor and Sysdig Secure.

> **Tip**: List all releases using `helm list`

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```bash
$ helm delete my-release
```
> **Tip**: Use helm delete --purge my-release to completely remove the release from Helm internal storage

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the Sysdig chart and their default values.

| Parameter                         | Description                                                            | Default                                     |
| ---                               | ---                                                                    | ---                                         |
| `image.registry`                  | Sysdig Agent image registry                                            | `docker.io`                                 |
| `image.repository`                | The image repository to pull from                                      | `sysdig/agent`                              |
| `image.tag`                       | The image tag to pull                                                  | `9.9.1`                                     |
| `image.pullPolicy`                | The Image pull policy                                                  | `IfNotPresent`                              |
| `image.pullSecrets`               | Image pull secrets                                                     | `nil`                                       |
| `resources.requests.cpu`          | CPU requested for being run in a node                                  | `600m`                                      |
| `resources.requests.memory`       | Memory requested for being run in a node                               | `512Mi`                                     |
| `resources.limits.cpu`            | CPU limit                                                              | `2000m`                                     |
| `resources.limits.memory`         | Memory limit                                                           | `1536Mi`                                    |
| `rbac.create`                     | If true, create & use RBAC resources                                   | `true`                                      |
| `serviceAccount.create`           | Create serviceAccount                                                  | `true`                                      |
| `serviceAccount.name`             | Use this value as serviceAccountName                                   | ` `                                         |
| `daemonset.updateStrategy.type`   | The updateStrategy for updating the daemonset                          | `RollingUpdate`                             |
| `daemonset.affinity`              | Node affinities                                                        | `schedule on amd64 and linux`               |
| `daemonset.annotations`           | Custom annotations for daemonset                                       | `{}`                                        |
| `slim.enabled`                    | Use the slim based Sysdig Agent image                                  | `false`                                     |
| `slim.kmoduleImage.repository`    | The kernel module image builder repository to pull from                | `sysdig/agent-kmodule`                      |
| `slim.resources.requests.cpu`     | CPU requested for building the kernel module                           | `1000m`                                     |
| `slim.resources.requests.memory`  | Memory requested for building the kernel module                        | `348Mi`                                     |
| `slim.resources.limits.memory`    | Memory limit for building the kernel module                            | `512Mi`                                     |
| `ebpf.enabled`                    | Enable eBPF support for Sysdig instead of `sysdig-probe` kernel module | `false`                                     |
| `ebpf.settings.mountEtcVolume`    | Needed to detect which kernel version are running in Google COS        | `true`                                      |
| `sysdig.accessKey`                | Your Sysdig Monitor Access Key                                         | `Nil` You must provide your own key         |
| `sysdig.settings`                 | Settings for agent's configuration file                                | ` `                                         |
| `secure.enabled`                  | Enable Sysdig Secure                                                   | `true`                                      |
| `auditLog.enabled`                | Enable K8s audit log support for Sysdig Secure                         | `false`                                     |
| `auditLog.auditServerUrl`         | The URL where Sysdig Agent listens for K8s audit log events            | `0.0.0.0`                                   |
| `auditLog.auditServerPort`        | Port where Sysdig Agent listens for K8s audit log events               | `7765`                                      |
| `auditLog.dynamicBackend.enabled` | Deploy the Audit Sink where Sysdig listens for K8s audit log events    | `false`                                     |
| `customAppChecks`                 | The custom app checks deployed with your agent                         | `{}`                                        |
| `tolerations`                     | The tolerations for scheduling                                         | `node-role.kubernetes.io/master:NoSchedule` |
| `scc.create`                      | Create OpenShift's Security Context Constraint                         | `false`                                     |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE,sysdig.settings.tags="role:webserver\,location:europe" \
    stable/sysdig
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example,

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

> **Tip**: You can use the default [values.yaml](values.yaml)

## On-Premise backend deployment settings

Sysdig platform backend can be also deployed On-Premise in your own infrastructure.

Installing the agent using the Helm chart is also possible in this scenario, and you can enable it with the following parameters:

| Parameter                                | Description                                              | Default |
| ---                                      | ---                                                      | ---     |
| `sysdig.settings.collector`              | The IP address or hostname of the collector              | ` `     |
| `sysdig.settings.collector_port`         | The port where collector is listening                    | ` `
| `sysdig.settings.ssl`                    | The collector accepts SSL                                | `true`  |
| `sysdig.settings.ssl_verify_certificate` | Set to false if you don't want to verify SSL certificate | `true`  |

For example:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=YOUR-KEY-HERE \
    --set sysdig.settings.collector=42.32.196.18 \
    --set sysdig.settings.collector_port=6443 \
    --set sysdig.settings.ssl_verify_certificate=false \
    stable/sysdig
```

## Using private Docker image registry

If you pull the Sysdig agent Docker image from a private registry that requires authentication, some additional configuration is required.

First, create a secret that stores the registry credentials:

```bash
$ kubectl create secret docker-registry SECRET_NAME \
  --docker-server=SERVER \
  --docker-username=USERNAME \
  --docker-password=TOKEN \
  --docker-email=EMAIL
```

Then, point to this secret in the values YAML file:

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
image:
  registry: myrepo.mydomain.tld
  repository: sysdig-agent
  tag: latest-tag
  pullSecrets:
    - name: SECRET_NAME
```

Finally, set the accessKey value and you are ready to deploy the Sysdig agent
using the Helm chart:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

You can read more details about this in [Kubernetes Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/).

## Modifying Sysdig agent configuration

The Sysdig agent uses a file called `dragent.yaml` to store the configuration.

Using the Helm chart, the default configuration settings can be updated using `sysdig.settings` either via `--set sysdig.settings.key = value` or in the values YAML file. For example, to eanble Prometheus metrics scraping, you need this in your `values.yaml` file::

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
      histograms: true
```

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

## Upgrading Sysdig agent configuration

If you need to upgrade the agent configuration file, first modify the YAML file (in this case we are increasing the metrics limit scraping Prometheus metrics):

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    prometheus:
      enabled: true
      histograms: true
      max_metrics: 2000
      max_metrics_per_process: 400
```

And then, upgrade Helm chart with:

```bash
$ helm upgrade my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

## How to upgrade to the last version

First of all ensure you have the lastest chart version

```bash
$ helm repo update
```

In case you deployed the chart with a values.yaml file, you just need to modify (or add if it's missing) the `image.tag` field and execute:

```bash
$ helm install --name sysdig -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

If you deployed the chart setting the values as CLI parameters, like for example:

```bash
$ helm install \
    --name sysdig \
    --set sysdig.accessKey=xxxx \
    --set ebpf.enabled=true \
    --namespace sysdig-agent \
    stable/sysdig
```

You will need to execute:

```bash
$ helm upgrade --set image.tag=<last_version> --reuse-values sysdig stable/sysdig
```

## Adding custom AppChecks

[Application checks](https://sysdigdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Monitor/pages/204767363/) are integrations that allow the Sysdig agent to collect metrics exposed by specific services. Sysdig has several built-in AppChecks, but sometimes you might need to [create your own](https://sysdigdocs.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/Monitor/pages/204767436/).

Your own AppChecks can deployed with the Helm chart embedding them in the values YAML file:

```yaml
customAppChecks:
  sample.py: |-
    from checks import AgentCheck

    class MyCustomCheck(AgentCheck):
        def check(self, instance):
            self.gauge("testhelm", 1)

sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    app_checks:
      - name: sample
        interval: 10
        pattern: # pattern to match the application
          comm: myprocess
        conf:
          mykey: myvalue
```

The first section, dumps the AppCheck in a Kubernetes configmap and makes it available within the Sysdig agent container. The second, configures it on the `dragent.yaml` file.

Once the values YAML file is ready, we will deploy the Chart like before:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```

### Automating the generation of custom-app-checks.yaml file

Sometimes editing and maintaining YAML files can be a bit cumbersome and error prone, so we have created a script for automating this process and make your life easier.

Imagine that you have custom AppChecks for a number of services like Redis, MongoDB and Traefik.

You have already a `values.yaml` with just your configuration:

```yaml
sysdig:
  accessKey: YOUR-KEY-HERE
  settings:
    app_checks:
      - name: myredis
        [...]
      - name: mymongo
        [...]
      - name: mytraefik
        [...]
```

You can generate an additional values YAML file with the custom AppChecks:

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/kubernetes/charts.git
$ cd stable/sysdig
$ ./scripts/appchecks2helm appChecks/solr.py appChecks/traefik.py appChecks/nats.py > custom-app-checks.yaml
```

And deploy the Chart with both of them:

```bash
$ helm install --name my-release -f custom-app-checks.yaml -f values.yaml stable/sysdig
```
